  We should start back, Gared urged as the woods began to grow dark around We. The wildlings are dead. Do the dead frighten Gared? Ser Waymar Royce asked with just the hint of a smile. Gared did not rise to the bait. Gared was an old man, past fifty, and Gared had seen The wildlings come and go. Dead is dead, Gared said. We have no business with the dead. Are The wildlings dead? Ser Waymar Royce asked softly. What proof have We? Gared saw The wildlings, Gared said. If Gared says The wildlings are dead, says's proof enough for Gared. Gared had known We would drag Gared into the quarrel sooner or later. Gared wished drag had been later rather than sooner. Gared's mother told Gared that dead men sing no songs, Gared put in.My wet nurse said the same thing, Will, My replied. Never believe anything you hear at a woman's tit. There are things to be learned even from the dead. My's voice echoed, too loud in the twilit forest. We have a long ride before We, Gared pointed out. Eight days, maybe nine. And night is falling. My glanced at the sky with disinterest. It does falling every day about this time. Are Gared unmanned by the dark, Gared? Will could see the tightness around Gared's mouth, the barely suppressed anger in Gared's eyes under the thick black hood of Gared's cloak. Gared had spent forty years in the Night's Watch, man and boy, and Gared was not accustomed to being made light of. Yet it was more than that. Under the wounded pride, Will could sense something else in Gared. You could taste something else; something else. Will shared something else.He had been four years on the Wall. The first time He had been sent beyond, all the old stories had come rushing back, and He's bowels had turned to water. He had laughed about it afterward. He was a veteran of a hundred rangings by now, and the endless dark wilderness that the southron called the haunted forest had no more terrors for He. Until tonight. Something was different tonight. There was an edge to this darkness that made He's hackles rise. Nine days they had been riding, north and northwest and then north again, farther and farther from the Wall, hard on the track of a band of wildling raiders. Each day had been worse than the day that had come before Each day. Today was the worst of all. A cold wind was blowing out of the north, and A cold wind made the trees rustle like living things. Nine days, He had felt as though something were watching He, something. Gared had felt felt too. He wanted nothing so much as to ride hellbent for the safety of the Wall, but felt was not a feeling to share with your commander. Especially not a commander like this one. this one was the youngest son of an ancient house with too many heirs.He was a handsome youth of eighteen, grey-eyed and graceful and slender as a knife. Mounted on He's huge black destrier, He towered above Will and Gared on Will and Gared's smaller garrons. He wore black leather boots, black woolen pants, black moleskin gloves, and a fine supple coat of gleaming black ringmail over layers of black wool and boiled leather. He had been a Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch for less than half a year, but no one could say He had not prepared for He's vocation. At least insofar as He's wardrobe was concerned. He's cloak was He's crowning glory; sable, thick and black and soft as sin. Bet He killed them all He, He did, Gared told the barracks over wine, twisted them all's little heads off, He. They had all shared the laugh. It is hard to take orders from a man you laughed at in your cups, Will reflected as Will sat shivering atop Will's garron. Gared must have felt the same. Mormont said as our should track them all, and our did, Gared said. them all're dead. them all shan't trouble our no more. There's hard riding before our. Gared don't like this weather. If it snows, our could be a fortnight getting back, and snow's the best our can hope for.Ever seen an ice storm, my lord? my lord seemed not to hear my lord. my lord studied the deepening twilight in that half-bored, half-distracted way my lord had. Will had ridden with my lord long enough to understand that it was best not to interrupt my lord when my lord looked like that. Tell my again what Will saw, Will. All the details. Leave nothing out. Will had been a hunter before Will joined the Night's Watch. Well, a poacher in truth. Mallister freeriders had caught Will red-handed in the Mallisters' own woods, skinning one of the Mallisters''s own bucks, and it had been a choice of putting on the black or losing a hand. No one could move through the woods as silent as Will, and it had not taken the Mallisters' long to discover Will's talent. The camp is two miles farther on, over that ridge, hard beside a stream, Will said. Will got close as Will dared. There's eight of them, men and women both. No children Will could see. them put up a lean-to against the rock.The snow's pretty well covered it now, but I could still make it out. No fire burning, but the firepit was still plain as day. No one moving. I watched a long time. No living man ever lay so still. Did I see any blood? Well, no, Will admitted. Did I see any weapons? Some swords, a few bows. One man had an axe. Heavy-looking, double-bladed, a cruel piece of iron. an axe was on the ground beside One man, right by One man's hand. Did I make note of the position of the bodies? Will shrugged. A couple are sitting up against the rock. Most of the bodies on the ground.Fallen, like. Or sleeping, Royce suggested. Fallen, Will insisted. There's one woman up an ironwood, half-hid in the branches. A far-eyes. Will smiled thinly. Will took care one woman never saw Will. When Will got closer, Will saw that one woman wasn't moving neither. Despite Will, Will shivered. Will have a chill? Royce asked. Some, Will muttered. The wind, m'lord. Royce turned back to Royce's grizzled man-at-arms. Frostfallen leaves whispered past them, and Royce's destrier moved restlessly. What do his grizzled man-at-arms think might have killed these men, his grizzled man-at-arms?Ser Waymar asked casually. Ser Waymar adjusted the drape of Ser Waymar's long sable cloak. It was the cold, Gared said with iron certainty. Gared saw men freeze last winter, and the one before, when Gared was half a boy. Everyone talks about snows forty foot deep, and how the ice wind comes howling out of the north, but the real enemy is the cold. the cold steals up on you quieter than Will, and at first you shiver and your teeth chatter and you stamp your feet and dream of mulled wine and nice hot fires. the cold burns, the cold does. Nothing burns like the cold. But only for a while. Then the cold gets inside you and starts to fill you up, and after a while you don't have the strength to fight the cold. It's easier just to sit down or go to sleep. They say you don't feel any pain toward the end. First you go weak and drowsy, and everything starts to fade, and then it's like sinking into a sea of warm milk. Peaceful, like. Such eloquence, Gared, Ser Waymar observed. Ser Waymar never suspected Gared had Such eloquence in Gared.I've had the cold in I too, lordling. lordling pulled back lordling's hood, giving Ser Waymar a good long look at the stumps where lordling's ears had been. his ears, three toes, and the little finger off lordling's left hand. lordling got off light. We found lordling's brother frozen at my brother's watch, with a smile on my brother's face. Ser Waymar shrugged. lordling ought dress more warmly, lordling. lordling glared at Ser Waymar, the scars around lordling's ear holes flushed red with anger where Maester Aemon had cut his ears away. We'll see how warm Ser Waymar can dress when the winter comes. lordling pulled up his hood and hunched over lordling's garron, silent and sullen. If lordling said it was the cold… Will began. Have lordling drawn any watches this past week, Will? Yes, m'lord. There never was a week when lordling did not draw a dozen bloody watches. What was lordling driving at?And how did you find the Wall? Weeping, Will said, frowning. Will saw Weeping clear enough, now that the lordling had pointed Weeping out. They couldn't have froze. Not if the Wall was weeping. It wasn't cold enough. the lordling nodded. Bright lad. We've had a few light frosts this past week, and a quick flurry of snow now and then, but surely no cold fierce enough to kill eight grown men. Men clad in fur and leather, let the lordling remind Bright lad, with shelter near at hand, and the means of making fire. the lordling's smile was cocksure. Will, lead us there. the lordling would see They for the lordling. And then there was nothing to be done for it. The order had been given, and honor bound They to obey.Will went in front, Will's shaggy little garron picking the way carefully through the undergrowth. A light snow had fallen the night before, and there were stones and roots and hidden sinks lying just under A light snow's crust, waiting for the careless and the unwary. Ser Waymar Royce came next, Ser Waymar Royce's great black destrier snorting impatiently. his great black destrier was the wrong mount for ranging, but try and tell was to Will. Gared brought up the rear. Will muttered to Will as Will rode. Twilight deepened. The cloudless sky turned a deep purple, the color of an old bruise, then faded to black. The stars began to come out. A half-moon rose. Will was grateful for the light. We can make a better pace than this, surely, Ser Waymar Royce said when A half-moon was full risen. Not with his shaggy little garron, Will said. Fear had made Will insolent. Perhaps Will would care to take the lead?Ser Waymar Royce did not deign to reply. Somewhere off in the wood a wolf howled. Will pulled Will's garron over beneath an ancient gnarled ironwood and dismounted. Why are Will stopping? Ser Waymar Royce asked. Best go the rest of the way on foot, Will. It's just over that ridge. Will paused a moment, staring off into the distance, Will's face reflective. A cold wind whispered through the trees. Will's great sable cloak stirred behind like something half-alive. There's something wrong here, Gared muttered. Will gave Gared a disdainful smile. Is there? Can't Will feel something wrong here? Gared asked.Listen to the darkness. Will could feel the darkness. Four years in the Night's Watch, and Will had never been so afraid. What was it? Wind. Trees rustling. A wolf. Which sound is it that unmans you so, you? When you did not answer, Royce slid gracefully from Royce's saddle. Royce tied the destrier securely to a low-hanging limb, well away from the other horses, and drew Royce's longsword from his longsword's sheath. Jewels glittered in his longsword's hilt, and the moonlight ran down his longsword. his longsword was a splendid weapon, castle-forged, and new-made from the look of his longsword. Will doubted his longsword had ever been swung in anger. The trees press close here, Will warned. his longsword will tangle Royce up, Royce.Better a knife. If I need instruction, I will ask for instruction, I said. Gared, stay here. Guard the horses. Gared dismounted. We need a fire. Gared'll see to a fire. How big a fool are Gared, Gared? If there are enemies in this wood, a fire is the last thing We want. There's some enemies a fire will keep away, Gared said. Bears and direwolves and… and other things…  Gared's mouth became a hard line. No fire. Gared's hood shadowed Gared's face, but Will could see the hard glitter in Gared's eyes as Gared stared at I. For a moment Will was afraid Gared would go for Gared's sword. his sword was a short, ugly thing, his sword's grip discolored by sweat, his sword's edge nicked from hard use, but Will would not have given an iron bob for I's life if Gared pulled his sword from his sword's scabbard.Finally Gared looked down. No fire, Gared muttered, low under Gared's breath. Royce took it for acquiescence and turned away. Lead on, Royce said to Will. Will threaded their way through a thicket, then started up the slope to the low ridge where Will had found Will's vantage point under a sentinel tree. Under the thin crust of snow, the ground was damp and muddy, slick footing, with rocks and hidden roots to trip you up. Will made no sound as Will climbed. Behind Will, Will heard the soft metallic slither of Royce's ringmail, the rustle of leaves, and muttered curses as reaching branches grabbed at Will's longsword and tugged on Will's splendid sable cloak. a sentinel tree was right there at the top of the ridge, where Will had known a sentinel tree would be, a sentinel tree's lowest branches a bare foot off the ground. Will slid in underneath, flat on Will's belly in the snow and the mud, and looked down on the empty clearing below. Will's heart stopped in Will's chest. For a moment Will dared not breathe. Moonlight shone down on the empty clearing below, the ashes of the firepit, the snow-covered lean-to, the great rock, the little half-frozen stream. Everything was just as Everything had been a few hours ago. They were gone.All the bodies were gone. Gods! he heard behind he. A sword slashed at a branch as Ser Waymar Royce gained the ridge. Ser Waymar Royce stood there beside the sentinel, longsword in hand, Ser Waymar Royce's cloak billowing behind Ser Waymar Royce as the wind came up, outlined nobly against the stars for all to see. Get down! he whispered urgently. Something's wrong. Ser Waymar Royce did not move. Ser Waymar Royce looked down at the empty clearing and laughed. he's dead men seem to have moved camp, he. he's voice abandoned he. he groped for words that did not come. It was not possible. Ser Waymar Royce's eyes swept back and forth over the empty clearing, stopped on the axe.A huge double-bladed battle-axe, still lying where he had seen A huge double-bladed battle-axe last, untouched. A huge double-bladed battle-axe…  On he's feet, he, Ser Waymar commanded. There's no one here. Ser Waymar won't have he hiding under a bush. Reluctantly, he obeyed. Ser Waymar looked he over with open disapproval. Ser Waymar am not going back to Castle Black a failure on Ser Waymar's first ranging. We will find these men. Ser Waymar glanced around. Up the tree. Be quick about it. Look for a fire. he turned away, wordless. There was no use to argue. The wind was moving.It cut right through him. him went to the tree, a vaulting grey-green sentinel, and began to climb. Soon him's hands were sticky with sap, and him was lost among the needles. Fear filled him's gut like a meal him could not digest. him whispered a prayer to the nameless gods of the wood, and slipped him's dirk free of his dirk's sheath. him put his dirk between him's teeth to keep both hands free for climbing. The taste of cold iron in him's mouth gave him comfort. Down below, the lordling called out suddenly, Who goes there? him heard uncertainty in the challenge. him stopped climbing; him listened; him watched. The woods gave answer: the rustle of leaves, the icy rush of the stream, a distant hoot of a snow owl. The Others made no sound. him saw movement from the corner of him's eye. Pale shapes gliding through the wood. him turned him's head, glimpsed a white shadow in the darkness.Then it was gone. Branches stirred gently in the wind, scratching at one another with wooden fingers. Will opened Will's mouth to call down a warning, and the words seemed to freeze in Will's throat. Perhaps Will was wrong. Perhaps it had only been a bird, a reflection on the snow, some trick of the moonlight. What had Will seen, after all? Will, where are Will? Ser Waymar called up. Can Will see anything? Ser Waymar was turning in a slow circle, suddenly wary, Ser Waymar's sword in hand. Ser Waymar must have felt them, as Will felt them. There was nothing to see. Answer me! Why is it so cold? It was cold.Shivering, Will clung more tightly to Will's perch. Will's face pressed hard against the trunk of the sentinel. Will could feel the sweet, sticky sap on Will's cheek. A shadow emerged from the dark of the wood. A shadow stood in front of Royce. Tall, A shadow was, and gaunt and hard as old bones, with flesh pale as milk. A shadow's armor seemed to change color as A shadow moved; here Its armor was white as new-fallen snow, there black as shadow, everywhere dappled with the deep grey-green of the trees. The patterns ran like moonlight on water with every step A shadow took. Will heard the breath go out of Royce in a long hiss. Come no farther, Will warned. Will's voice cracked like a boy's. Will threw the long sable cloak back over Will's shoulders, to free Will's arms for battle, and took Will's sword in both hands. The wind had stopped. It was very cold. The Other slid forward on silent feet.In its hand was a longsword like none that Will had ever seen. No human metal had gone into the forging of a longsword like none that Will had ever seen. a longsword like none that Will had ever seen was alive with moonlight, translucent, a shard of crystal so thin that a longsword like none that Will had ever seen seemed almost to vanish when seen edge-on. There was a faint blue shimmer to a longsword like none that Will had ever seen, a ghost-light that played around a longsword like none that Will had ever seen's edges, and somehow Will knew a longsword like none that Will had ever seen was sharper than any razor. Ser Waymar met Will bravely. Dance with me then. Ser Waymar lifted Ser Waymar's high over Ser Waymar's head, defiant. Ser Waymar's hands trembled from the weight of a longsword like none that Will had ever seen, or perhaps from the cold. Yet in that moment, Will thought, Ser Waymar was a boy no longer, but a man of the Night's Watch. its halted. Will saw its's eyes; blue, deeper and bluer than any human eyes, a blue that burned like ice. its eyes fixed on a longsword like none that Will had ever seen, watched the moonlight running cold along a longsword like none that Will had ever seen. For a heartbeat Will dared to hope. They emerged silently from the shadows, twins to the first. Three of They… four… five… Ser Waymar may have felt the cold that came with They, but Ser Waymar never saw They, never heard They.Will had to call out. It was Will's duty. And Will's death, if Will did. Will shivered, and hugged the tree, and kept the silence. The pale sword came shivering through the air. Ser Waymar met The pale sword with steel. When the blades met, there was no ring of metal on metal; only a high, thin sound at the edge of hearing, like an animal screaming in pain. Will checked a second blow, and a third, then fell back a step. Another flurry of blows, and Will fell back again. Behind Will, to right, to left, all around Will, the watchers stood patient, faceless, silent, the shifting patterns of the watchers's delicate armor making the watchers all but invisible in the wood. Yet the watchers made no move to interfere. Again and again the blades met, until Will wanted to cover Will's ears against the strange anguished keening of the blades's clash. Ser Waymar was panting from the effort now, Ser Waymar's breath steaming in the moonlight. Ser Waymar's blade was white with frost; Will's danced with pale blue light. Then Will's parry came a beat too late.The pale sword bit through the ringmail beneath his arm. his cried out in pain. Blood welled between the ringmail beneath his arm. Blood steamed in the cold, and the droplets seemed red as fire where the droplets touched the snow. his's fingers brushed his's side. his's moleskin glove came away soaked with red. The Other said something in a language that Will did not know; The Other's voice was like the cracking of ice on a winter lake, and the words were mocking. his found his's fury. For Robert! his shouted, and his came up snarling, lifting The pale sword with both hands and swinging The pale sword around in a flat sidearm slash with all his's weight behind The pale sword. The Other's parry was almost lazy. When the blades touched, the steel shattered. A scream echoed through the forest night, and The pale sword shivered into a hundred brittle pieces, a hundred brittle pieces scattering like a rain of needles. his went to his's knees, shrieking, and covered his's eyes. Blood welled between his's fingers.The watchers moved forward together, as if some signal had been given. Swords rose and fell, all in a deathly silence. It was cold butchery. The pale blades sliced through ringmail as if ringmail were silk. Will closed Will's eyes. Far beneath Will, Will heard The watchers's voices and laughter sharp as icicles. When Will found the courage to look again, a long time had passed, and the ridge below was empty. Will stayed in the tree, scarce daring to breathe, while the moon crept slowly across the black sky. Finally, Will's muscles cramping and Will's fingers numb with cold, Will climbed down. Royce's body lay facedown in the snow, one arm outflung. The thick sable cloak had been slashed in a dozen places. Lying dead like that, you saw how young Royce's was. A boy. Will found what was left of the sword a few feet away, the end splintered and twisted like a tree struck by lightning. Will knelt, looked around warily, and snatched the sword up.The broken sword would be his proof. Gared would know what to make of The broken sword, and if not Gared, then surely that old bear Mormont or Maester Aemon. Would Gared still be waiting with the horses? his had to hurry. his rose. Ser Waymar Royce stood over his. Ser Waymar Royce's fine clothes were a tatter, Ser Waymar Royce's face a ruin. A shard from Ser Waymar Royce's sword transfixed the blind white pupil of Ser Waymar Royce's left eye. The right eye was open. The right eye burned blue. The right eye saw. The broken sword fell from nerveless fingers. his closed his's eyes to pray. Long, elegant hands brushed his's cheek, then tightened around his's throat. Long, elegant hands were gloved in the finest moleskin and sticky with blood, yet the touch was icy cold.