 Jon climbed the steps slowly, trying not to think that this might be the last time ever. Ghost padded silently beside Jon. Outside, snow swirled through the castle gates, and the yard was all noise and chaos, but inside the thick stone walls it was still warm and quiet. Too quiet for Jon's liking. Jon reached the landing and stood for a long moment, afraid. Ghost nuzzled at Jon's hand. Jon took courage from that. Jon straightened, and entered the room. Lady Stark was there beside Jon's bed. Lady Stark had been there, day and night, for close on a fortnight.Not for a moment had she left Bran's side. she had she's meals brought to she there, and chamber pots as well, and a small hard bed to sleep on, though it was said she had scarcely slept at all. she fed him she, the honey and water and herb mixture that sustained life. Not once did she leave the room. So Jon had stayed away. But now there was no more time. Jon stood in the door for a moment, afraid to speak, afraid to come closer. The window was open. Below, a wolf howled. Ghost heard and lifted Ghost's head.Lady Stark looked over. For a moment Lady Stark did not seem to recognize him. Finally Lady Stark blinked. What are him doing here? Lady Stark asked in a voice strangely flat and emotionless. him came to see Bran, him said. To say good-bye. Lady Stark's face did not change. Lady Stark's long auburn hair was dull and tangled. Lady Stark looked as though Lady Stark had aged twenty years.You've said it. Now go away. Part of You wanted only to flee, but You knew that if You did You might never see Bran again. You took a nervous step into the room. Please, You said. Something cold moved in Bran's eyes. Bran told You to leave, Bran said. We don't want You here. Once that would have sent You running. Once that might even have made You cry.Now it only made him angry. him would be a Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch soon, and face worse dangers than Catelyn Tully Stark. him's him's brother, him said. Shall him call the guards? Call the guards, him said, defiant. him can't stop him from seeing him. him crossed the room, keeping the bed between them, and looked down on Bran where him lay. Bran where he lay was holding one of him's hands. one of his hands looked like a claw. Bran where he lay was not the Bran him remembered.The flesh had all gone from him. him's skin stretched tight over bones like sticks. Under the blanket, him's legs bent in ways that made Jon sick. him's eyes were sunken deep into black pits; open, but His eyes saw nothing. The fall had shrunken him somehow. him looked half a leaf, as if the first strong wind would carry him off to him's grave. Yet under the frail cage of those shattered ribs, him's chest rose and fell with each shallow breath. Bran, him said, him'm sorry him didn't come before. him was afraid. him could feel the tears rolling down him's cheeks.Jon no longer cared. Don't die, Bran. Please. We're all waiting for Bran to wake up. WeWe…  Lady Stark was watching. Lady Stark had not raised a cry. Jon took raised for acceptance. Outside the window, the direwolf howled again. the direwolf Jon have to go now, Jon said.Uncle Benjen is waiting. I'm to go north to the Wall. We have to leave today, before the snows come. I remembered how excited Bran had been at the prospect of the journey. It was more than I could bear, the thought of leaving Bran behind like this. I brushed away I's tears, leaned over, and kissed Bran lightly on the lips. I wanted Bran to stay here with I, I said softly. I watched I, wary. I was not even looking at I. I was talking to I, but for a part of I, it was as though I were not even in the room.I prayed for it, I said dully. He was I's special boy. I went to the sept and prayed seven times to the seven faces of god that Ned would change Ned's mind and leave He here with I. Sometimes prayers are answered. Jon did not know what to say. It wasn't I's fault, Jon managed after an awkward silence. I's eyes found Jon. Her eyes were full of poison. I need none of Jon's absolution, Jon. Jon lowered Jon's eyes.She was cradling one of Bran's hands. He took the other, squeezed the other. Fingers like the bones of birds. Good-bye, He said. He was at the door when She called out to He. He, She said. He should have kept going, but She had never called He by He's name before. He turned to find She looking at He's face, as if She were seeing his face for the first time. Yes? He said.It should have been you, she told you. Then she turned back to Bran and began to weep, she's whole body shaking with the sobs. you had never seen she's cry before. It was a long walk down to the yard. Outside, everything was noise and confusion. Wagons were being loaded, men were shouting, horses were being harnessed and saddled and led from the stables. A light snow had begun to fall, and everyone was in an uproar to be off. you was in the middle of it, shouting commands with the best of them. you seemed to have grown of late, as if Bran's fall and she's collapse had somehow made you stronger. Grey Wind was at you's side.Uncle Benjen is looking for you, he told you. Uncle Benjen wanted to be gone an hour ago. you know, you said. Soon. you looked around at all the noise and confusion. Leaving is harder than you thought. For me too, he said. he had snow in he's hair, melting from the heat of he's body. Did you see Uncle Benjen? you nodded, not trusting you to speak.He's not going to die, Robb said. Robb know it. You Starks are hard to kill, Jon agreed. Jon's voice was flat and tired. The visit had taken all the strength from Jon. Robb knew something was wrong. Jon's mother…  My mother was… very kind, Jon told Robb. Robb looked relieved. Good. Robb smiled.The next time I see you, you'll be all in black. you forced you to smile back. It was always you's color. How long do I think it will be? Soon enough, I promised. I pulled you to I and embraced you fiercely. Farewell, you. you hugged I back. And I, I. Take care of Bran.I will. They broke apart and looked at each other awkwardly. Uncle Benjen said to send I to the stables if Uncle Benjen saw I, Uncle Benjen finally said. I have one more farewell to make, I told Uncle Benjen. Then Uncle Benjen haven't seen I, Uncle Benjen replied. I left Uncle Benjen standing there in the snow, surrounded by wagons and wolves and horses. It was a short walk to the armory. I picked up I's package and took the covered bridge across to the Keep. Arya was in Arya's room, packing a polished ironwood chest that was bigger than Arya was. Nymeria was helping.Arya would only have to point, and the wolf would bound across the room, snatch up some wisp of silk in the wolf's jaws, and fetch some wisp of silk back. But when the wolf smelled Ghost, the wolf sat down on the wolf's haunches and yelped at them. Arya glanced behind Arya, saw Jon, and jumped to Arya's feet. Arya threw Arya's skinny arms tight around Jon's neck. Arya was afraid Jon were gone, Arya said, Arya's breath catching in Arya's throat. They wouldn't let Arya out to say good-bye. What did Arya do now? Jon was amused. Arya disentangled Arya from Jon and made a face. Nothing.I was all packed and everything. I gestured at the huge chest, no more than a third full, and at the clothes that were scattered all over the room. Septa Mordane says Septa Mordane have to do it all over. the clothes that were scattered all over the room weren't properly folded, Septa Mordane says. A proper southron lady doesn't just throw A proper southron lady's clothes inside A proper southron lady's chest like old rags, Septa Mordane says. Is throw what you did, you? Well, the clothes that were scattered all over the room're going to get all messed up anyway, Septa Mordane said. Who cares how the clothes that were scattered all over the room're folded? Septa Mordane, Jon told Septa Mordane. Jon don't think Septa Mordane'd like Nymeria helping, either.The she-wolf regarded him silently with The she-wolf's dark golden eyes. It's just as well. The she-wolf have something for him to take with him, and something for you to take with you has to be packed very carefully. him's face lit up. A present? You could call something for you to take with you that. Close the door. Wary but excited, him checked the hall. Nymeria, here. Guard.She left the wolf out there to warn of intruders and closed the door. By then Jon had pulled off the rags Jon'd wrapped it in. Jon held it out to She. She's eyes went wide. Dark eyes, like Jon. A sword, She said in a small, hushed breath. The scabbard was soft grey leather, supple as sin. Jon drew out it slowly, so She could see the deep blue sheen of it. it is no toy, Jon told She. Be careful She don't cut She.The edges are sharp enough to shave with. Girls don't shave, Arya said. Maybe Girls should. Have Arya ever seen the septa's legs? Arya giggled at him. the septa's legs's so skinny. So are Arya, him told Arya. him had Mikken make this special. The bravos use swords like this in Pentos and Myr and the other Free Cities. swords like this won't hack a man's head off, but swords like this can poke a man's full of holes if you're fast enough.I can be fast, I said. I'll have to work at be every day. He put the sword in I's hands, showed I how to hold the sword, and stepped back. How does it feel? Do I like the balance? I think so, I said. First lesson, He said. Stick them with the pointy end. I gave He a whap on the arm with the flat of the sword. The blow stung, but He found He grinning like an idiot.I know which end to use, I said. A doubtful look crossed I's face. Septa Mordane will take it away from I. Not if Septa Mordane doesn't know I have it, Jon said. Who will I practice with? I'll find someone, Jon promised I. King's Landing is a true city, a thousand times the size of Winterfell. Until I find a partner, watch how a partner fight in the yard. Run, and ride, make I strong. And whatever I do…  I knew what was coming next.They said it together. …don't… tell… Sansa! Jon messed up her hair. Jon will miss her, her. Suddenly her looked like her was going to cry. her wish her were coming with us. Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle. Who knows? Jon was feeling better now. Jon was not going to let Jon be sad.I better go. I'll spend I's first year on the Wall emptying chamber pots if I keep Uncle Ben waiting any longer. Arya ran to I for a last hug. Put down the sword first, I warned Arya, laughing. Arya set the sword aside almost shyly and showered I with kisses. When I turned back at the door, Arya was holding the sword again, trying the sword for balance. I almost forgot, I told Arya. All the best swords have names. Like Ice, Arya said. Arya looked at the sword.Does this have a name? Oh, tell me. Can't me guess? Jon teased. me's very favorite thing. me seemed puzzled at first. Then it came to me. me was that quick. They said it together:  Needle! The memory of me's laughter warmed Jon on the long ride north.