 Daenerys Targaryen wed Khal Drogo with fear and barbaric splendor in a field beyond the walls of Pentos, for the Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man's life must be done beneath the open sky. Khal Drogo had called Khal Drogo's khalasar to attend Khal Drogo and his khalasar had come, his khalasar. Outside the walls of Pentos his khalasar camped with his khalasar's vast herds, raising palaces of woven grass, eating everything in sight, and making the good folk of Pentos more anxious with every passing day. My fellow magisters have doubled the size of the city guard, My told My fellow magisters over platters of honey duck and orange snap peppers one night at the manse that had been Khal Drogo's. Khal Drogo had joined his khalasar, Khal Drogo's estate given over to Daenerys Targaryen and Daenerys Targaryen's brother until the wedding. Best we get Daenerys Targaryen wedded quickly before they hand half the wealth of Pentos away to sellswords and bravos, Ser Jorah Mormont jested. Ser Jorah Mormont had offered Daenerys Targaryen Daenerys Targaryen's sword the night Dany had been sold to Khal Drogo; Daenerys Targaryen had accepted eagerly. Ser Jorah Mormont had been Daenerys and her brother's constant companion ever since. My laughed lightly through My's forked beard, but Daenerys Targaryen did not so much as smile. Ser Jorah Mormont can have Dany's tomorrow, if Ser Jorah Mormont likes, her brother said. My glanced over at Dany, and Dany lowered Dany's eyes.So long as he pays the price. Illyrio waved a languid hand in the air, rings glittering on Illyrio's fat fingers. Illyrio have told you, all is settled. Trust Illyrio. he has promised you a crown, and you shall have a crown. Yes, but when? When he chooses, Illyrio said. he will have the girl first, and after they are wed he must make he's procession across the plains and present the girl to the dosh khaleen at Vaes Dothrak. After that, perhaps. If the omens favor war. you seethed with impatience.I piss on Dothraki omens. The Usurper sits on I's father's throne. How long must I wait? Illyrio gave a massive shrug. I have waited most of I's life, I. What is another few months, another few years? Ser Jorah, who had traveled as far east as Vaes Dothrak, nodded in agreement. Ser Jorah, who had traveled as far east as Vaes Dothrak counsel I to be patient, I. The Dothraki are true to The Dothraki's word, but The Dothraki do things in The Dothraki's own time. A lesser man may beg a favor from the khal, but must never presume to berate the khal. I bristled.Guard your tongue, your, or I'll have your tongue out. I am no lesser man, I am the rightful Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. I does not beg. Ser Jorah lowered Ser Jorah's eyes respectfully. I smiled enigmatically and tore a wing from the duck. Honey and grease ran over I's fingers and dripped down into I's beard as I nibbled at the tender meat. There are no more dragons, Dany thought, staring at Dany's , though Dany did not dare say are aloud. Yet that night Dany dreamt of one. Viserys was hitting Dany, hurting Dany. Dany was naked, clumsy with fear. Dany ran from Viserys, but Dany's body seemed thick and ungainly.He struck her again. her stumbled and fell. her woke the dragon, He screamed as He kicked her. her woke the dragon, her woke the dragon. her's thighs were slick with blood. her closed her's eyes and whimpered. As if in answer, there was a hideous ripping sound and the crackling of some great fire. When her looked again, He was gone, great columns of flame rose all around, and in the midst of great columns of flame was the dragon. the dragon turned the dragon's great head slowly. When the dragon's molten eyes found her, her woke, shaking and covered with a fine sheen of sweat. her had never been so afraid…  … until the day of her's wedding came at last.The ceremony began at dawn and continued until dusk, an endless day of drinking and feasting and fighting. A mighty earthen ramp had been raised amid the grass palaces, and there Dany was seated beside Khal Drogo, above the seething sea of Dothraki. Dany had never seen so many people in one place, nor people so strange and frightening. The horselords might put on rich fabrics and sweet perfumes when The horselords visited the Free Cities, but out under the open sky The horselords kept the old ways. Men and women alike wore painted leather vests over bare chests and horsehair leggings cinched by bronze medallion belts, and the warriors greased the warriors's long braids with fat from the rendering pits. the warriors gorged the warriors on horseflesh roasted with honey and peppers, drank the warriors blind on fermented mare's milk and Illyrio's fine wines, and spat jests at each other across the fires, the warriors's voices harsh and alien in Dany's ears. Viserys was seated just below Dany, splendid in a new black wool tunic with a scarlet dragon on the chest. Illyrio's and Ser Jorah sat beside Viserys. Theirs was a place of high honor, just below Khal Drogo's own bloodriders, but Dany could see the anger in Dany's brother's lilac eyes. her brother's did not like sitting beneath Dany, and her brother's fumed when the slaves offered each dish first to Khal Drogo and Khal Drogo's bride, and served her brother's from the portions the khal and his bride refused. her brother's could do nothing but nurse her brother's's resentment, so nurse his resentment her brother's did, her brother's's mood growing blacker by the hour at each insult to her brother's's person.Dany had never felt so alone as Dany did seated in the midst of that vast horde. Dany's brother had told Dany to smile, and so Dany smiled until Dany's face ached and the tears came unbidden to Dany's eyes. Dany did Dany best to hide the tears, knowing how angry Viserys would be if Viserys saw Dany crying, terrified of how Khal Drogo might react. Food was brought to Dany, steaming joints of meat and thick black sausages and Dothraki blood pies, and later fruits and sweetgrass stews and delicate pastries from the kitchens of Pentos, but Dany waved it all away. Dany's stomach was a roil, and Dany knew Dany could keep none of it all down. There was no one to talk to. Khal Drogo shouted commands and jests down to Khal Drogo's bloodriders, and laughed at his bloodriders's replies, but Khal Drogo scarcely glanced at DanyKhal Drogo. They had no common language. Dothraki was incomprehensible to Dany, and Khal Drogo knew only a few words of the bastard Valyrian of the Free Cities, and none at all of the Common Tongue of the Seven Kingdoms. Dany would even have welcomed the conversation of Illyrio and Her brother, but Illyrio and her brother were too far below to hear Dany. So Dany sat in Dany's wedding silks, nursing a cup of honeyed wine, afraid to eat, talking silently to Dany.I am blood of the dragon, I told I. I am Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone, of the blood and seed of Aegon the Conqueror. The sun was only a quarter of the way up the sky when I saw I's first man die. Drums were beating as some of the women danced for the khal. the khal watched without expression, but the khal's eyes followed some of the women's movements, and from time to time the khal would toss down a bronze medallion for some of the women to fight over. The warriors were watching too. One of The warriors finally stepped into the circle, grabbed a dancer by the arm, pushed a dancer down to the ground, and mounted a dancer right there, as a stallion mounts a mare. Illyrio had told I mounted might happen. The Dothraki mate like the animals in The Dothraki's herds. There is no privacy in a khalasar, and The Dothraki do not understand sin or shame as we do. I looked away from mounted, frightened when I realized what was happening, but a second warrior stepped forward, and a third, and soon there was no way to avert I's eyes.Then two men seized the same woman. the same woman heard a shout, saw a shove, and in the blink of an eye the arakhs were out, the arakhs. A dance of death began as the warriors circled and slashed, leaping toward each other, whirling the arakhs around the warriors's heads, shrieking insults at each clash. No one made a move to interfere. A dance of death ended as quickly as A dance of death began. the arakhs shivered together faster than Dany could follow, one man missed a step, the other swung the other's blade in a flat arc. Steel bit into flesh just above one man's waist, and opened one man from backbone to belly button, spilling one man's entrails into the dust. As one man died, the winner took hold of the same womanthe warriors —and had the same woman there and then. Slaves carried off the body, and the dancing resumed. Magister Illyrio had warned Dany about this too. A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is deemed a dull affair, Magister Illyrio had said.Her wedding must have been especially blessed; before Her wedding was over, a dozen men had died. As the hours passed, the terror grew in Her, until it was all Her could do not to scream. Her was afraid of the Dothraki, whose ways seemed alien and monstrous, as if the Dothraki, whose ways seemed alien and monstrous, as if they were beasts in human skins and not true men at all were beasts in human skins and not true men at all. Her was afraid of Her's brother, of what her brother might do if Her failed her brother. Most of all, Her was afraid of what would happen tonight under the stars, when her brother gave Her up to the hulking giant who sat drinking beside Her with a face as still and cruel as a bronze mask. Her am the blood of the dragon, Her told Her again. When at last the sun was low in the sky, Khal Drogo clapped Khal Drogo's hands together, and the drums and the shouting and feasting came to a sudden halt. Khal Drogo stood and pulled Her to Her's feet beside Khal Drogo. It was time for Her's bride gifts. And after her bride gifts, Her knew, after the sun had gone down, it would be time for the first ride and the consummation of Her's . Her tried to put the thought aside, but the thought would not leave Her.She hugged She to try to keep from shaking. She's brother Viserys gifted She with three handmaids. She knew three handmaids had cost Her brother Viserys nothing; Illyrio no doubt had provided three handmaids. Irri and Jhiqui were copper-skinned Dothraki with black hair and almond-shaped eyes, Doreah a fair-haired, blue-eyed Lysene girl. three handmaids are no common servants, She, Her brother Viserys told She as three handmaids were brought forward one by one. Illyrio and I selected three handmaids personally for She. Irri will teach She riding, Jhiqui the Dothraki tongue, and Doreah will instruct She in the womanly arts of love. Her brother Viserys smiled thinly. She's very good, Illyrio and I I can both swear to 's. Ser Jorah Mormont apologized for Ser Jorah Mormont's gift. his gift is a small thing, Ser Jorah Mormont's , but all a poor exile could afford, Ser Jorah Mormont said as Ser Jorah Mormont laid a small stack of old books before She.They were histories and songs of the Seven Kingdoms, she saw, written in the Common Tongue. she thanked him with all she's heart. him murmured a command, and four burly slaves hurried forward, bearing between four burly slaves a great cedar chest bound in bronze. When she opened a great cedar chest bound in bronze, she found piles of the finest velvets and damasks the Free Cities could produce… and resting on top, nestled in the soft cloth, three huge eggs. she gasped. three huge eggs were the most beautiful things she had ever seen, each different than the others, patterned in such rich colors that at first she thought three huge eggs were crusted with jewels, and so large it took both of she's hands to hold one. she lifted one delicately, expecting that one would be made of some fine porcelain or delicate enamel, or even blown glass, but one was much heavier than some fine porcelain or delicate enamel, or even blown glass, as if one were all of solid stone. The surface of the shell was covered with tiny scales, and as she turned one between she's fingers, tiny scales shimmered like polished metal in the light of the setting sun. One egg was a deep green, with burnished bronze flecks that came and went depending on how she turned One egg. Another was pale cream streaked with gold. The last was black, as black as a midnight sea, yet alive with scarlet ripples and swirls.What are they? she asked, she's voice hushed and full of wonder. Dragon's eggs, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, said Magister Illyrio. The eons have turned they to stone, yet still they burn bright with beauty. Magister Illyrio shall treasure they always. she had heard tales of such eggs, but she had never seen one, nor thought to see one. It was a truly magnificent gift, though she knew that Magister Illyrio could afford to be lavish. Magister Illyrio had collected a fortune in horses and slaves for Magister Illyrio's part in selling she to Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo's bloodriders offered she the traditional three weapons, and splendid weapons the traditional three weapons were. Haggo gave she a great leather whip with a silver handle, Cohollo a magnificent arakh chased in gold, and Qotho a double-curved dragonbone bow taller than she was. Magister Illyrio and Ser Jorah had taught she the traditional refusals for these offerings.This is a gift worthy of a great warrior, O blood of my blood, and my am but a woman. Let my's lord husband bear these in my's stead. And so my lord husband too received my lord husband's bride gifts. Other gifts my was given in plenty by other Dothraki: slippers and jewels and silver rings for my's hair, medallion belts and painted vests and soft furs, sandsilks and jars of scent, needles and feathers and tiny bottles of purple glass, and a gown made from the skin of a thousand mice. A handsome gift, my, Magister Illyrio said of the last, after Magister Illyrio had told my what the last was. Most lucky. The gifts mounted up around my in great piles, more gifts than my could possibly imagine, more gifts than my could want or use. And last of all, my lord husband brought forth my lord husband's own bride gift to my. An expectant hush rippled out from the center of the camp as my lord husband left my's side, growing until An expectant hush had swallowed the whole khalasar. When my lord husband returned, An expectant hush parted before my lord husband, and my lord husband led his own bride gift to my. his own bride gift was a young filly, spirited and splendid.Dany knew just enough about horses to know that this was no ordinary animal. There was something about this that took the breath away. this was grey as the winter sea, with a mane like silver smoke. Hesitantly Dany reached out and stroked this's neck, ran Dany's fingers through the silver of a mane like silver smoke. Khal Drogo said something in Dothraki and Magister Illyrio translated. Silver for the silver of her mane, Khal Drogo says. this's beautiful, Dany murmured. this is the pride of the khalasar, Magister Illyrio said. Custom decrees that the khaleesi must ride a mount worthy of the khaleesi's place by the side of Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo stepped forward and put Khal Drogo's hands on Dany's waist. Khal Drogo lifted Dany up as easily as if Dany were a child and set Dany on the thin Dothraki saddle, so much smaller than the ones Dany was used to.Dany sat there uncertain for a moment. No one had told Dany about this part. What should Dany do? Dany asked Illyrio. It was Ser Jorah Mormont who answered. Take the reins and ride. Dany need not go far. Nervously Dany gathered the reins in Dany's hands and slid Dany's feet into the short stirrups. Dany was only a fair rider; Dany had spent far more time traveling by ship and wagon and palanquin than by horseback. Praying that Dany would not fall off and disgrace Dany, Dany gave the filly the lightest and most timid touch with Dany's knees.And for the first time in hours, she forgot to be afraid. Or perhaps it was for the first time ever. The silver-grey filly moved with a smooth and silken gait, and the crowd parted for The silver-grey filly, every eye upon them. she found she moving faster than she had intended, yet somehow moving was exciting rather than terrifying. The silver-grey filly broke into a trot, and she smiled. Dothraki scrambled to clear a path. The slightest pressure with she's legs, the lightest touch on the reins, and The silver-grey filly responded. The silver-grey filly sent The silver-grey filly into a gallop, and now Dothraki were hooting and laughing and shouting at The silver-grey filly as Dothraki jumped out of The silver-grey filly's way. As The silver-grey filly turned to ride back, a firepit loomed ahead, directly in The silver-grey filly's path. them were hemmed in on either side, with no room to stop.A daring she had never known filled she then, and she gave the filly she's head. the filly leapt the flames as if the filly had wings. When the filly pulled up before Magister Illyrio, the filly said, Tell Khal Drogo that Khal Drogo has given the filly the wind. Magister Illyrio stroked Magister Illyrio's yellow beard as Magister Illyrio repeated the filly's words in Dothraki, and the filly saw Magister Illyrio smile for the first time. The last sliver of sun vanished behind the high walls of Pentos to the west just then. the filly had lost all track of time. Khal Drogo commanded Khal Drogo's bloodriders to bring forth Khal Drogo's own horse, a lean red stallion. As Khal Drogo was saddling his own horse, a lean red stallion, Viserys slid close to the filly on the filly's silver, dug Viserys's fingers into the filly's leg, and said, Please Khal Drogo, the filly, or Viserys swear, the filly will see the dragon wake as the dragon has never woken before. The fear came back to the filly then, with Viserys's words. the filly felt like a child once more, only thirteen and all alone, not ready for what was about to happen to the filly.They rode out together as the stars came out, leaving the khalasar and the grass palaces behind. Khal Drogo spoke no word to her, but drove Khal Drogo's stallion at a hard trot through the gathering dusk. The tiny silver bells in Khal Drogo's long braid rang softly as Khal Drogo rode. her am the blood of the dragon, her whispered aloud as her followed, trying to keep her's courage up. her am the blood of the dragonthe dragon. her am the blood of the dragonthe dragon. the dragon was never afraid. Afterward her could not say how far or how long They had ridden, but it was full dark when They stopped at a grassy place beside a small stream. Khal Drogo swung off his stallion and lifted her down from her. her felt as fragile as glass in Khal Drogo's hands, her's limbs as weak as water.She stood there helpless and trembling in She's wedding silks while he secured the horses, and when he turned to look at She, She began to cry. he stared at She's tears, he's face strangely empty of expression. No, he said. he lifted he's hand and rubbed away her tears roughly with a callused thumb. he speak the Common Tongue, She said in wonder. No, he said again. Perhaps he had only that word, She thought, but only that word was one word more than She had known he had, and somehow only that word made She feel a little better. he touched She's hair lightly, sliding the silver-blond strands between he's fingers and murmuring softly in the Common Tongue. She did not understand the words, yet there was warmth in the tone, a tenderness She had never expected from he. he put he's finger under She's chin and lifted She's head, so She was looking up into he's eyes.Drogo towered over her as Drogo towered over everyone. Taking her lightly under the arms, Drogo lifted her and seated her on a rounded rock beside the stream. Then Drogo sat on the ground facing her, legs crossed beneath Drogo, their faces finally at a height. No, Drogo said. Is No the only word Drogo know? her asked Drogo. Drogo did not reply. Drogo's long heavy braid was coiled in the dirt beside Drogo. Drogo pulled His long heavy braid over Drogo's right shoulder and began to remove the bells from Drogo's hair, one by one. After a moment Dany leaned forward to help.When they were done, Drogo gestured. She understood. Slowly, carefully, She began to undo Drogo's braid. undo took a long time. All the while Drogo sat there silently, watching She. When She was done, Drogo shook Drogo's head, and Drogo's hair spread out behind Drogo like a river of darkness, oiled and gleaming. She had never seen hair so long, so black, so thick. Then it was Drogo's turn. Drogo began to undress She. Drogo's fingers were deft and strangely tender.He removed her silks one by one, carefully, while Dany sat unmoving, silent, looking at He's eyes. When He bared Dany's small breasts, Dany could not help Dany. Dany averted Dany's eyes and covered Dany with Dany's hands. No, He said. He pulled her hands away from her small breasts, gently but firmly, then lifted Dany's face again to make Dany look at He. No, He repeated. No, Dany echoed back at He. He stood Dany up then and pulled Dany close to remove the last of her silks. The night air was chilly on Dany's bare skin. Dany shivered, and gooseflesh covered Dany's arms and legs.She was afraid of what would come next, but for a while nothing happened. Khal Drogo sat with Khal Drogo's legs crossed, looking at She, drinking in She's body with Khal Drogo's eyes. After a while Khal Drogo began to touch She. Lightly at first, then harder. She could sense the fierce strength in Khal Drogo's hands, but Khal Drogo never hurt She. Khal Drogo held She's hand in Khal Drogo's own and brushed her hand, one by one. Khal Drogo ran a hand gently down She's leg. Khal Drogo stroked She's face, tracing the curve of She's ears, running a finger gently around She's mouth. Khal Drogo put both hands in She's hair and combed her hair with both hands. Khal Drogo turned She around, massaged She's shoulders, slid a knuckle down the path of She's spine.It seemed as if hours passed before his hands finally went to her breasts. his stroked the soft skin underneath until the soft skin underneath tingled. his circled her breasts with his's thumbs, pinched her breasts between thumb and forefinger, then began to pull at her, very lightly at first, then more insistently, until her breasts stiffened and began to ache. his stopped then, and drew her down onto his's lap. her was flushed and breathless, her's heart fluttering in her's chest. his cupped her's face in his's huge hands and looked into his's eyes. No? his said, and her knew it was a question. her took his's hand and moved his hand down to the wetness between her's thighs. Yes, her whispered as her put his's finger inside her.