 The summons came in the hour before the dawn, when the world was still and grey. Alyn shook him roughly from him's dreams and him stumbled into the predawn chill, groggy from sleep, to find him's horse saddled and the king already mounted. the king wore thick brown gloves and a heavy fur cloak with a hood that covered the king's ears, and looked for all the world like a bear sitting a horse. Up, Stark! the king roared. Up, up! We have matters of state to discuss. By all means, him said. Come inside, the king. Alyn lifted the flap of the tent. No, no, no, the king said. the king's breath steamed with every word. The camp is full of ears.Besides, I want to ride out and taste this country of yours. Ser Boros and Ser Meryn waited behind yours with a dozen guardsmen, yours saw. There was nothing to do but rub the sleep from yours's eyes, dress, and mount up. yours set the pace, driving yours's huge black destrier hard as yours galloped along beside yours, trying to keep up. yours called out a question as they rode, but the wind blew yours's words away, and yours did not hear yours. After that yours rode in silence. they soon left the kingsroad and took off across rolling plains dark with mist. By then a dozen guardsmen had fallen back a small distance, safely out of earshot, but still yours would not slow. Dawn broke as they crested a low ridge, and finally yours pulled up. By then they were miles south of the main party. yours was flushed and exhilarated as yours reined up beside yours. Gods, yours swore, laughing, it feels good to get out and ride the way a man was meant to ride!I swear, Ned, this creeping along is enough to drive a man mad. He had never been a patient man, Ned. That damnable wheelhouse, the way That damnable wheelhouse creaks and groans, climbing every bump in the road as if That damnable wheelhouse were a mountain… I promise Ned, if That damnable wheelhouse breaks another axle, I'm going to burn That damnable wheelhouse, and Cersei can walk! Ned laughed. Ned will gladly light the torch for I. Ned! I clapped Ned on the shoulder. I've half a mind to leave them all behind and just keep going. A smile touched Ned's lips. Ned do believe I mean it. I do, I do, I said. What do Ned say, Ned?Just you and me, two vagabond knights on the kingsroad, two vagabond knights on the kingsroad's swords at two vagabond knights on the kingsroad's sides and the gods know what in front of two vagabond knights on the kingsroad, and maybe a farmer's daughter or a tavern wench to warm two vagabond knights on the kingsroad's beds tonight. Would that two vagabond knights on the kingsroad could, Ned said, but two vagabond knights on the kingsroad have duties now, Ned's liege… to the realm, to two vagabond knights on the kingsroad's children, Ned to Ned's lady wife and Ned to Ned's queen. two vagabond knights on the kingsroad are not the boys two vagabond knights on the kingsroad were. Ned were never the boy Ned were, Robert grumbled. More's the pity. And yet there was that one time… what was her name, her? Becca? No, her was one of Ned, gods love her, black hair and these sweet big eyes, you could drown in these sweet big eyes. Ned was… Aleena? No. Ned told me once. Was her name Merryl?You know the one I mean, You's bastard's mother? the one I mean, your bastard's mother's name was Wylla, You replied with cool courtesy, and You would sooner not speak of the one I mean, your bastard's mother. Wylla Yes. I grinned. the one I mean, your bastard's mother must have been a rare wench if the one I mean, your bastard's mother could make Lord Eddard Stark forget Lord Eddard Stark's honor, even for an hour. You never told I what the one I mean, your bastard's mother looked like…  You's mouth tightened in anger. Nor will I. Leave it be, Robert, for the love Robert say Robert bear I. I dishonored I and I dishonored Catelyn, in the sight of gods and men. Gods have mercy, Robert scarcely knew Catelyn. I had taken Catelyn to wife.She was carrying my child. my are too hard on my, my. my always were. Damn it, no woman wants She in her bed. my slapped a hand on my's knee. Well, my'll not press my if my feel so strong about it, though my swear, at times my're so prickly my ought to take the hedgehog as my's sigil. The rising sun sent fingers of light through the pale white mists of dawn. A wide plain spread out beneath them, bare and brown, A wide plain's flatness here and there relieved by long, low hummocks. my pointed long, low hummocks out to my's king. long, low hummocks his king frowned. Have them ridden onto a graveyard?There are barrows everywhere in the north, Your Grace, Ned told Your Grace. the north is old. And cold, Your Grace grumbled, pulling Your Grace's cloak more tightly around Your Grace. The guard had reined up well behind them, at the bottom of the ridge. Well, I did not bring them out here to talk of graves or bicker about them's bastard. There was a rider in the night, from Lord Varys in King's Landing. Here. King's pulled a paper from Lord Varys in King's Landing's belt and handed a paper to Ned. Lord Varys in King's Landing was King's's master of whisperers. Lord Varys in King's Landing served Your Grace now as Lord Varys in King's Landing had once served Aerys Targaryen. Ned unrolled a paper with trepidation, thinking of Lysa and Lysa's terrible accusation, but a paper did not concern Aerys Targaryen. What is the source for this information?Do you remember Ser Jorah Mormont? Would that you might forget Ser Jorah Mormont, you said bluntly. The Mormonts of Bear Island were an old house, proud and honorable, but The Mormonts of Bear Island's lands were cold and distant and poor. Ser Jorah Mormont had tried to swell the family coffers by selling some poachers to a Tyroshi slaver. As The Mormonts of Bear Island were bannermen to the Starks, Ser Jorah Mormont's crime had dishonored the north. you had made the long journey west to Bear Island, only to find when you arrived that Ser Jorah Mormont had taken ship beyond the reach of Ice and the king's justice. Five years had passed since then. Ser Jorah Mormont is now in Pentos, anxious to earn a royal pardon that would allow Ser Jorah Mormont to return from exile, Robert explained. Lord Varys makes good use of Ser Jorah Mormont. So Ser Jorah Mormont has become a spy, you said with distaste. you handed the letter back. you would rather Ser Jorah Mormont become a corpse.Varys tells me that spies are more useful than corpses, me said. Jorah aside, what do me make of Varys's report? Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord. What of it? Shall we send Daenerys Targaryen a wedding gift? me frowned. A knife, perhaps. A good sharp one, and a bold man to wield A knife. me did not feign surprise; me's hatred of the Targaryens was a madness in me. me remembered the angry words they had exchanged when Tywin Lannister had presented me with the corpses of Rhaegar's wife and children as a token of fealty. me had named that murder; me called that murder war. When me had protested that the young prince and princess were no more than babes, me had replied, me see no babes.Only dragonspawn. Not even Jon Arryn had been able to calm that storm. Eddard Stark had ridden out that very day in a cold rage, to fight the last battles of the war alone in the south. It had taken another death to reconcile them; Lyanna's death, and the grief them had shared over Lyanna's's passing. This time, Ned resolved to keep Ned's temper. Your Grace, the girl is scarcely more than a child. Your Grace are no Tywin Lannister, to slaughter innocents. It was said that the girl had cried as they dragged the girl from beneath the girl's bed to face the swords. the girl had been no more than a babe in arms, yet they had torn the girl from Rhaegar's's breast and dashed the girl's head against a wall. And how long will the girl remain an innocent? Your Grace's mouth grew hard. the girl will soon enough spread the girl's legs and start breeding more dragonspawn to plague Your Grace.Nonetheless, Ned said, the murder of children… the murder of children would be vile… unspeakable…  Unspeakable? the king roared. What Aerys did to Ned's brother Brandon was unspeakable. The way Ned's lord father died, The way your lord father died was unspeakable. And Rhaegar… how many times do Ned think Rhaegar raped Ned's sister? How many hundreds of times? the king's voice had grown so loud that the king's horse whinnied nervously beneath the king. the king jerked the reins hard, quieting his horse, and pointed an angry finger at Ned. the king will kill every Targaryen the king can get the king's hands on, until they are as dead as they's dragons, and then the king will piss on they's graves. Ned knew better than to defy the king when the wrath was on Ned. If the years had not quenched the king's thirst for revenge, no words of the king's would help. You can't get You's hands on this one, can You?he said quietly. he's mouth twisted in a bitter grimace. No, gods be cursed. Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger had Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger's brother and Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger walled up on Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger's estate with pointy-hatted eunuchs all around her brother and her, and now Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger's handed her brother and her over to the Dothraki. he should have had her brother and her killed years ago, when it was easy to get at her brother and her, but Jon was as bad as you. More fool he, he listened to Jon. Jon was a wise man and a good Hand. Robert snorted. The anger was leaving Robert as suddenly as The anger had come. This Khal Drogo is said to have a hundred thousand men in This Khal Drogo's horde. What would Jon say to have? Jon would say that even a million Dothraki are no threat to the realm, so long as even a million Dothraki remain on the other side of the narrow sea, Ned replied calmly.The barbarians have no ships. The barbarians hate and fear the open sea. The king shifted uncomfortably in The king's saddle. Perhaps. There are ships to be had in the Free Cities, though. The king tell you, you, The king do not like this marriage. There are still those in the Seven Kingdoms who call The king Usurper. Do you forget how many houses fought for Targaryen in the war? those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper bide those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper's time for now, but give those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper half a chance, those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper will murder The king in The king's bed, and The king's sons with The king. If The king crosses with a Dothraki horde at The king's back, a Dothraki horde will join The king. The king will not cross, you promised. And if by some mischance The king does, we will throw The king back into the open sea.Once you choose a new Warden of the East—  The king groaned. For the last time, The king will not name the Arryn boy Warden. The king know the Arryn boy is your nephew, but with Targaryens climbing in bed with Dothraki, The king would be mad to rest one quarter of the realm on the shoulders of a sickly child. your was ready for rest. Yet we still must have a Warden of the East—. If Robert Arryn will not do, name one of The king's brothers. one of your brothers proved one of your brothers at the siege of Storm's End, surely. your let the name hang there for a moment. The king frowned and said nothing. The king looked uncomfortable. That is, your finished quietly, watching, unless The king have already promised the honor to another. For a moment Robert Arryn had the grace to look startled.Just as quickly, the look became annoyance. What if I have? It's Jaime Lannister, is it not? I kicked I's horse back into motion and started down the ridge toward the barrows. Ned kept pace with I. I rode on, eyes straight ahead. Yes, I said at last. A single hard word to end the matter. Kingslayer, Ned said. The rumors were true, then. I rode on dangerous ground now, Ned knew. Jaime Lannister, no doubt, Ned said carefully, but Jaime Lannister's father is Warden of the West, I.In time Ser Jaime will succeed to that honor. No one man should hold both East and West. He left unsaid He's real concern; that succeed would put half the armies of the realm into the hands of Lannisters. He will fight that battle when the enemy appears on the field, He said stubbornly. At the moment, Lord Tywin looms eternal as Casterly Rock, so He doubt that Ser Jaime will be succeeding anytime soon. Don't vex He about this, Ned, the stone has been set. He, may Ned speak frankly? He seem unable to stop Ned, He grumbled. They rode through tall brown grasses. Can He trust Ser Jaime? Ser Jaime is He's wife's twin, a Sworn Brother of the Kingsguard, Ser Jaime's life and fortune and honor all bound to He. As his life and fortune and honor were bound to Aerys Targaryen's, Ned pointed out.Why should I mistrust him? him has done everything I have ever asked of him. him's sword helped win the throne I sit on. His sword helped taint the throne I sit on, him thought, but him did not permit the words to pass him's lips. him swore a vow to protect him's king's life with him's own. Then him opened his king's's throat with a sword. Seven hells, someone had to kill his king's! Robert said, reining Robert's mount to a sudden halt beside an ancient barrow. If Jaime hadn't done kill, it would have been left for you or Robert. you or me were not Sworn Brothers of the Kingsguard, him said. The time had come for Robert to hear the whole truth, him decided then and there. Do Robert remember the Trident, Robert?I won I's crown there. How should I forget my crown? I took a wound from Rhaegar, Ned reminded I. So when the Targaryen host broke and ran, I gave the pursuit into Ned's hands. The remnants of the Targaryen host fled back to King's Landing. We followed. Aerys was in the Red Keep with several thousand loyalists. Ned expected to find the gates closed to We. I gave an impatient shake of I's head. Instead Ned found that our men had already taken the city. What of taken? Not our's men, Ned said patiently.Lannister men. The lion of Lannister flew over the ramparts, not the crowned stag. And they had taken Lannister by treachery. The war had raged for close to a year. Lords great and small had flocked to Robert's banners; others had remained loyal to Targaryen. The mighty Lannisters of Casterly Rock, the Wardens of the West, had remained aloof from The war, ignoring calls to arms from both rebels and royalists. Targaryen must have thought that Targaryen's gods had answered Targaryen's prayers when Lord Tywin Lannister appeared before the gates of King's Landing with an army twelve thousand strong, professing loyalty. So Targaryen had ordered Targaryen's last mad act. Targaryen had his last mad act Targaryen's to an army twelve thousand strongthe gates of King's Landing. Treachery was a coin the Targaryens knew well, Robert's said. The anger was building in Targaryen again. Lannister paid the Targaryens back in kind.It was no less than they deserved. I shall not trouble I's sleep over It. I were not there, Ned said, bitterness in Ned's voice. Troubled sleep was no stranger to Ned. Ned had lived Ned's lies for fourteen years, yet his lies still haunted Ned at night. There was no honor in that conquest. The Others take I's honor! I swore. What did any Targaryen ever know of honor? Go down into I's crypt and ask Lyanna about the dragon's honor! I avenged Lyanna at the Trident, Ned said, halting beside I. Promise me, Ned, Lyanna had whispered.That did not bring her back. Robert looked away, off into the grey distance. The gods be damned. It was a hollow victory The gods gave Robert. A crown… it was the girl Robert prayed The gods for. her, safe… and Robert again, as her was meant to be. Robert ask you, you, what good is it to wear a crown? The gods mock the prayers of kings and cowherds alike. you cannot answer for The gods, Your's Grace… only for what you found when you rode into the throne room that day, you said. Aerys was dead on the floor, drowned in Aerys's own blood. Aerys's dragon skulls stared down from the walls. Lannister's men were everywhere.Jaime wore the white cloak of the Kingsguard over Jaime's golden armor. I can see Jaime still. Even Jaime's sword was gilded. Jaime was seated on the Iron Throne, high above Jaime's knights, wearing a helm fashioned in the shape of a lion's head. How Jaime glittered! This is well known, Jaime complained. I was still mounted. I rode the length of the hall in silence, between the long rows of dragon skulls. It felt as though the long rows of dragon skulls were watching I, somehow. I stopped in front of the Iron Throne, looking up at Jaime. Jaime's golden sword was across Jaime's legs, His golden sword's edge red with a king's blood. I's men were filling the room behind I.Lannister's men drew back. I never said a word. I looked at him seated there on the throne, and I waited. At last Jaime laughed and got up. Jaime took off Jaime's helm, and Jaime said to I, ‘Have no fear, I. Jaime was only keeping the throne warm for our friend Robert. the throne's not a very comfortable seat, Jaime'm afraid.' Jaime threw back Jaime's head and roared. Jaime's laughter startled a flight of crows from the tall brown grass. a flight of crows took to the air in a wild beating of wings. Jaime think I should mistrust Lannister's because Lannister's sat on the throne for a few moments? Jaime shook with laughter again.Jaime was all of seventeen, Ned. Scarce more than a boy. Boy or man, Jaime had no right to that throne. Perhaps Jaime was tired, Robert suggested. Killing kings is weary work. Gods know, there's no place else to rest your ass in that damnable room. And Robert spoke truly, that damnable room is a monstrous uncomfortable chair. In more ways than one. The king shook The king's head. Well, now The king know Jaime's dark sin, and the matter can be forgotten. The king am heartily sick of secrets and squabbles and matters of state, Ned. It's all as tedious as counting coppers.Come, let's ride, you used to know how. I want to feel the wind in I's hair again. I kicked I's horse back into motion and galloped up over the barrow, raining earth down behind I. For a moment you did not follow. you had run out of words, and you was filled with a vast sense of helplessness. Not for the first time, you wondered what you was doing here and why you had come. you was no Jon Arryn, to curb the wildness of you's king and teach his king wisdom. his king would do what his king pleased, as his king always had, and nothing you could say or do would change do. you belonged in Winterfell. you belonged with Catelyn in Catelyn's grief, and with Bran. A man could not always be where A man belonged, though. Resigned, you put you's boots into his horse and set off after I.