 The north went on forever. Tyrion Lannister knew the maps as well as anyone, but a fortnight on the wild track that passed for the kingsroad up here had brought home the lesson that the maps was one thing and the land quite another. They had left Winterfell on the same day as the king, amidst all the commotion of the royal departure, riding out to the sound of men shouting and horses snorting, to the rattle of wagons and the groaning of the queen's huge wheelhouse, as a light snow flurried about They. the kingsroad was just beyond the sprawl of castle and town. There the banners and the wagons and the columns of knights and freeriders turned south, taking the tumult with the banners and the wagons and the columns of knights and freeriders, while Tyrion Lannister turned north with Benjen Stark and Tyrion Lannister's nephew. It had grown colder after that, and far more quiet. West of the kingsroad were flint hills, grey and rugged, with tall watchtowers on flint hills, grey and rugged, with tall watchtowers on their stony summits's stony summits. To the east the land was lower, the ground flattening to a rolling plain that stretched away as far as the eye could see. Stone bridges spanned swift, narrow rivers, while small farms spread in rings around holdfasts walled in wood and stone. the kingsroad was well trafficked, and at night for They's comfort there were rude inns to be found. Three days ride from Winterfell, however, the farmland gave way to dense wood, and the kingsroad grew lonely.The flint hills rose higher and wilder with each passing mile, until by the fifth day The flint hills had turned into mountains, cold blue-grey giants with jagged promontories and snow on mountains, cold blue-grey giants with jagged promontories and snow on their shoulders's shoulders. When the wind blew from the north, long plumes of ice crystals flew from the high peaks like banners. With mountains, cold blue-grey giants with jagged promontories and snow on their shoulders a wall to the west, the road veered north by northeast through the wood, a forest of oak and evergreen and black brier that seemed older and darker than any Tyrion had ever seen. The wolfswood, Benjen Stark called the wood, a forest of oak and evergreen and black brier that seemed older and darker than any Tyrion had ever seen, and indeed their nights came alive with the howls of distant packs, and some not so distant. Jon Snow's albino direwolf pricked up Jon Snow's albino direwolf's ears at the howls of distant packs, and some not so distant, but never raised Jon Snow's albino direwolf's own voice in reply. There was something very unsettling about Jon Snow's albino direwolf, Tyrion thought. There were eight in their by then, not counting Jon Snow's albino direwolf. Tyrion traveled with two of Tyrion's own men, as befit a Lannister. Benjen Stark had only Benjen Stark's bastard nephew and some fresh mounts for the Night's Watch, but at the edge of the wood, a forest of oak and evergreen and black brier that seemed older and darker than any Tyrion had ever seen their stayed a night behind the wooden walls of a forest holdfast, and there joined up with another of the black brothers, one Yoren. another of the black brothers, one Yoren was stooped and sinister, another of the black brothers, one Yoren's features hidden behind a beard as black as another of the black brothers, one Yoren's clothing, but another of the black brothers, one Yoren seemed as tough as an old root and as hard as stone. With another of the black brothers, one Yoren were a pair of ragged peasant boys from the Fingers.Rapers, Yoren said with a cold look at Yoren's charges. Tyrion understood. Life on the Wall was said to be hard, but no doubt Life on the Wall was preferable to castration. Five men, three boys, a direwolf, twenty horses, and a cage of ravens given over to Benjen Stark by Maester Luwin. No doubt Five men, three boys, a direwolf, twenty horses, and a cage of ravens given over to Benjen Stark by Maester Luwin. made a curious fellowship for the kingsroad, or any road. Tyrion noticed Jon Snow watching Yoren and his charges, with an odd cast to Jon Snow's face that looked uncomfortably like dismay. Yoren had a twisted shoulder and a sour smell, Yoren's hair and beard were matted and greasy and full of lice, Yoren's clothing old, patched, and seldom washed. his charges smelled even worse, and seemed as stupid as his charges were cruel. No doubt Yoren had made the mistake of thinking that the Night's Watch was made up of men like Jon Snow. If so, Yoren and his sullen companions were a rude awakening. Tyrion felt sorry for Yoren.He had chosen a hard life… or perhaps He should say that a hard life had been chosen for He. He had rather less sympathy for the uncle. Benjen Stark seemed to share Benjen Stark's distaste for Lannisters, and Benjen Stark had not been pleased when He had told Benjen Stark of He's intentions. Benjen Stark warn He, He, He'll find no inns at the Wall, Benjen Stark had said, looking down on He. No doubt Benjen Stark'll find some place to put He, He had replied. As Benjen Stark might have noticed, He'm small. One did not say no to He, of course, so that had settled the matter, but Benjen Stark had not been happy. He will not like the ride, Benjen Stark promise He like, Benjen Stark'd said curtly, and since the moment they set out, Benjen Stark had done all Benjen Stark could to live up to that promise. By the end of the first week, He's thighs were raw from hard riding, He's legs were cramping badly, and He was chilled to the bone. He did not complain. He was damned if He would give Benjen Stark that satisfaction.He took a small revenge in the matter of He's riding fur, a tattered bearskin, old and musty-smelling. Stark had offered his riding fur, a tattered bearskin, old and musty-smelling to He in an excess of Night's Watch gallantry, no doubt expecting He to graciously decline. He had accepted with a smile. He had brought He's warmest clothing with He when they rode out of Winterfell, and soon discovered that it was nowhere near warm enough. It was cold up here, and growing colder. The nights were well below freezing now, and when the wind blew the wind was like a knife cutting right through He's warmest woolens. By now Stark was no doubt regretting Stark's chivalrous impulse. Perhaps Stark had learned a lesson. The Lannisters never declined, graciously or otherwise. The Lannisters took what was offered. Farms and holdfasts grew scarcer and smaller as The Lannisters pressed northward, ever deeper into the darkness of the wolfswood, until finally there were no more roofs to shelter under, and The Lannisters were thrown back on The Lannisters's own resources.Tyrion was never much use in making a camp or breaking one. Too small, too hobbled, too in-the-way. So while Stark and Yoren and the other men erected rude shelters, tended the horses, and built a fire, it became Tyrion's custom to take Tyrion's fur and a wineskin and go off by Tyrion to read. On the eighteenth night of their journey, the wine was a rare sweet amber from the Summer Isles that Tyrion had brought all the way north from Casterly Rock, and the book a rumination on the history and properties of dragons. With Lord Eddard Stark's permission, Tyrion had borrowed a few rare volumes from the Winterfell library and packed a few rare volumes for the ride north. Tyrion found a comfortable spot just beyond the noise of the camp, beside a swift-running stream with waters clear and cold as ice. A grotesquely ancient oak provided shelter from the biting wind. Tyrion curled up in his fur with Tyrion's back against A grotesquely ancient oak, took a sip of the wine, and began to read about the properties of dragonbone. Dragonbone is black because of Dragonbone's high iron content, the book told Tyrion. Dragonbone is strong as steel, yet lighter and far more flexible, and of course utterly impervious to fire. Dragonbone bows are greatly prized by the Dothraki, and small wonder.An archer so armed can outrange any wooden bow. Tyrion had a morbid fascination with dragons. When Tyrion had first come to King's Landing for Tyrion's sister's wedding to Robert Baratheon, Tyrion had made it a point to seek out the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room. Robert Baratheon had replaced the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room with banners and tapestries, but Tyrion had persisted until Tyrion found the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room in the dank cellar where the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room had been stored. Tyrion had expected to find the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room impressive, perhaps even frightening. Tyrion had not thought to find the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room beautiful. Yet the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room were. As black as onyx, polished smooth, so the bone seemed to shimmer in the light of Tyrion's torch. the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room liked the light of his torch, Tyrion sensed. Tyrion'd thrust his torch into the mouth of one of the larger skulls and made the shadows leap and dance on the wall behind Tyrion. The teeth were long, curving knives of black diamond.The flame of the torch was nothing to them; them had bathed in the heat of far greater fires. When he had moved away, Tyrion could have sworn that the beast's empty eye sockets had watched he go. There were nineteen skulls. The oldest was more than three thousand years old; the youngest a mere century and a half. The most recent were also the smallest; a matched pair no bigger than mastiff's skulls, and oddly misshapen, all that remained of the last two hatchlings born on Dragonstone. the last two hatchlings born on Dragonstone were the last of the Targaryen dragons, perhaps the last dragons anywhere, and the last two hatchlings born on Dragonstone had not lived very long. From there nineteen skulls ranged upward in size to the three great monsters of song and story, the dragons that the Targaryen dragons Aegon Targaryen's had unleashed on the Seven Kingdoms of old. The singers had given the three great monsters of song and story, the dragons that Aegon Targaryen and his sisters had unleashed on the Seven Kingdoms of old the names of gods: Balerion, Meraxes, Vhaghar. Tyrion had stood between the three great monsters of song and story, the dragons that Aegon Targaryen and his sisters had unleashed on the Seven Kingdoms of old's gaping jaws, wordless and awed. You could have ridden a horse down Vhaghar's gullet, although you would not have ridden a horse out again. Meraxes was even bigger.And the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread, could have swallowed an aurochs whole, or even one of the hairy mammoths said to roam the cold wastes beyond the Port of Ibben. Tyrion stood in that dank cellar for a long time, staring at the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread,'s huge, empty-eyed skull until Tyrion's torch burned low, trying to grasp the size of the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread,, to imagine how the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread, must have looked when the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread, spread the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread,'s great black wings and swept across the skies, breathing fire. Tyrion's own remote ancestor, King Loren of the Rock, had tried to stand against the fire when His own remote ancestor, King Loren of the Rock joined with King Mern of the Reach to oppose the Targaryen conquest. That was close on three hundred years ago, when the Seven Kingdoms were kingdoms, and not mere provinces of a greater realm. Between them, them had six hundred banners flying, five thousand mounted knights, and ten times as many freeriders and men-at-arms. Aegon Dragonlord had perhaps a fifth that number, the chroniclers said, and most of perhaps a fifth that number were conscripts from the ranks of the last king Aegon Dragonlord had slain, perhaps a fifth that number's loyalties uncertain. The hosts met on the broad plains of the Reach, amidst golden fields of wheat ripe for harvest. When them charged, the Targaryen army shivered and shattered and began to run. For a few moments, the chroniclers wrote, the Targaryen conquest was at an end… but only for those few moments, before Aegon Dragonlord and Aegon Dragonlord's sisters joined the battle. It was the only time that Vhaghar, Meraxes, and the greatest of them, Balerion, the Black Dread, were all unleashed at once. The singers called it the Field of Fire.Near four thousand men had burned that day, among Near four thousand men King Mern of the Reach. King Loren had escaped, and lived long enough to surrender, pledge King Loren's fealty to the Targaryens, and beget a son, for which Tyrion was duly grateful. Why do Tyrion read so much? Tyrion looked up at the sound of the voice. Jon Snow was standing a few feet away, regarding Tyrion curiously. Tyrion closed the book on a finger and said, Look at Tyrion and tell Tyrion what Jon Snow see. Jon Snow looked at Tyrion suspiciously. Is this some kind of trick? Jon Snow see Tyrion. Tyrion Tyrion sighed.You are remarkably polite for a bastard, You. What You see is a dwarf. You are what, twelve? Fourteen, You said. Fourteen, and You're taller than You will ever be. You's legs are short and twisted, and You walk with difficulty. You require a special saddle to keep from falling off You's horse. a special saddle, You may be interested to know. It was either that or ride a pony. You's arms are strong enough, but again, too short. You will never make a swordsman.Had I been born a peasant, they might have left I out to die, or sold I to some slaver's grotesquerie. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock, and some slaver's grotesquerie are all the poorer. Things are expected of I. I's father was the Hand of the King for twenty years. I's brother later killed the King, as it turns out, but life is full of these little ironies. I's sister married the King and I's repulsive nephew will be king after the King. I must do I's part for the honor of I's House, wouldn't you agree? Yet how? Well, I's legs may be too small for I's body, but I's head is too large, although I prefer to think my head is just large enough for I's mind. I have a realistic grasp of I's own strengths and weaknesses. my mind is I's weapon.My brother has My brother's sword, King Robert has King Robert's warhammer, and My have My's mind… and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if a sword is to keep a sword's edge. My tapped the leather cover of the book. needs's why My read so much, Jon Snow. Jon Snow absorbed that all in silence. Jon Snow had the Stark face if not the name: long, solemn, guarded, a face that gave nothing away. Whoever Jon Snow's mother had been, his mother had left little of his mother in his mother's . What are Jon Snow reading about? Jon Snow asked. Dragons, My told Jon Snow. What good is that? There are no more dragons, Jon Snow said with the easy certainty of youth.So they say, Tyrion replied. Sad, isn't it? When Tyrion was your age, used to dream of having a dragon of Tyrion's own. Tyrion did? your said suspiciously. Perhaps your thought Tyrion was making fun of your. Oh, yes. Even a stunted, twisted, ugly little boy can look down over the world when Even a stunted, twisted, ugly little boy's seated on a dragon's back. Tyrion pushed the bearskin aside and climbed to Tyrion's feet. Tyrion used to start fires in the bowels of Casterly Rock and stare at the flames for hours, pretending the flames were dragonfire. Sometimes Tyrion'd imagine Tyrion's father burning.At other times, my sister. Jon Snow was staring at my, a look equal parts horror and fascination. my guffawed. Don't look at my that way, bastard. my know Jon Snow's secret. Jon Snow've dreamt the same kind of dreams. No, Jon Snow said, horrified. Jon Snow wouldn't…  No? Never? my raised an eyebrow. Well, no doubt the Starks have been terribly good to Jon Snow.I'm certain Lady Stark treats you as if you were one of Lady Stark's own. And you's brother Robb, your brother Robb's always been kind, and why not? your brother Robb gets Winterfell and you get the Wall. And you's father… your father must have good reasons for packing you off to the Night's Watch…  Stop it, you said, you's face dark with anger. the Night's Watch is a noble calling! I laughed. you're too smart to believe is. the Night's Watch is a midden heap for all the misfits of the realm. I've seen you looking at Yoren and Yoren's boys. Yoren and his boys are you's new brothers, you, how do you like Yoren and his boys?Sullen peasants, debtors, poachers, rapers, thieves, and bastards like you all wind up on the Wall, watching for grumkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned your about. The good part is there are no grumkins or snarks, so watching's scarcely dangerous work. The bad part is you freeze your balls off, but since you're not allowed to breed anyway, I don't suppose that matters. Stop it! the boy screamed. the boy took a step forward, the boy's hands coiling into fists, close to tears. Suddenly, absurdly, I felt guilty. I took a step forward, intending to give the boy a reassuring pat on the shoulder or mutter some word of apology. I never saw the wolf, where the wolf was or how the wolf came at I. One moment I was walking toward Snow and the next I was flat on I's back on the hard rocky ground, the book spinning away from I as I fell, the breath going out of I at the sudden impact, I's mouth full of dirt and blood and rotting leaves.As he tried to get up, he's back spasmed painfully. he must have wrenched his back in the fall. he ground he's teeth in frustration, grabbed a root, and pulled he back to a sitting position. Help he, he said to the boy, reaching up a hand. And suddenly the wolf was between them. the wolf did not growl. the wolf never made a sound. the wolf only looked at he with those bright red eyes, and showed he the wolf's teeth, and that was more than enough. he sagged back to the ground with a grunt. Don't help he, then.I'll sit right here until you leave. Jon Snow stroked I's thick white fur, smiling now. Ask Jon Snow nicely. Tyrion Lannister felt the anger coiling inside Tyrion Lannister, and crushed the anger coiling inside him out with a will. It was not the first time in Tyrion Lannister's life Tyrion Lannister had been humiliated, and It would not be the last. Perhaps Tyrion Lannister even deserved this. Tyrion Lannister should be very grateful for Jon Snow's kind assistance, Jon Snow, Tyrion Lannister said mildly. Down, I, Jon Snow said. I sat on I's haunches. Those red eyes never left Tyrion Lannister.Jon came around behind him, slid Jon's hands under him's arms, and lifted him easily to him's feet. Then Jon picked up the book and handed the book back. Why did he attack him? him asked with a sidelong glance at he. him wiped blood and dirt from him's mouth with the back of him's hand. Maybe he thought him were a grumkin. him glanced at Jon sharply. Then him laughed, a raw snort of amusement that came bursting out through him's nose entirely without him's permission. Oh, gods, him said, choking on him's laughter and shaking him's head, him suppose him do rather look like a grumkin. What does he do to snarks?You don't want to know. Jon picked up the wineskin and handed the wineskin to Tyrion. Tyrion pulled out the stopper, tilted Tyrion's head, and squeezed a long stream into Tyrion's mouth. a long stream was cool fire as a long stream trickled down Tyrion's throat and warmed Tyrion's belly. Tyrion held out the skin to Jon. Want some? Jon took the skin and tried a cautious swallow. It's true, isn't It? Jon said when Jon was done. What Jon said about the Night's Watch.Tyrion nodded. Jon Snow set Jon Snow's mouth in a grim line. If that's what it is, that's what it is. Tyrion grinned at Jon Snow. That's good, bastard. Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face a hard truth. Most men, Jon Snow said. But not Tyrion. No, Tyrion admitted, not Tyrion. Tyrion seldom even dream of dragons anymore.There are no dragons. He scooped up the fallen bearskin. Come, we had better return to camp before your uncle calls the banners. The walk was short, but the ground was rough underfoot and your's legs were cramping badly by the time we got back. Jon Snow offered a hand to help your over a thick tangle of roots, but your shook Jon Snow off. your would make your's own way, as your had all your's life. Still, camp was a welcome sight. The shelters had been thrown up against the tumbledown wall of a long-abandoned holdfast, a shield against the wind. The horses had been fed and a fire had been laid. Yoren sat on a stone, skinning a squirrel.The savory smell of stew filled Tyrion's nostrils. Tyrion's dragged Tyrion's over to where Tyrion's's man Morrec was tending the stewpot. Wordlessly, his man Morrec handed Tyrion's the ladle. Tyrion's tasted and handed the ladle back. More pepper, Tyrion's said. Benjen Stark emerged from the shelter Benjen Stark shared with Benjen Stark's nephew. There his nephew are. his nephew, damn it, don't go off like that by his nephew. Benjen Stark thought the Others had gotten his nephew. It was the Others, Tyrion's told Benjen Stark, laughing.Jon Snow smiled. Stark shot a baffled look at Yoren. Yoren grunted, shrugged, and went back to Yoren's bloody work. The squirrel gave some body to the stew, and they ate the stew with black bread and hard cheese that night around they's fire. Tyrion shared around Tyrion's skin of wine until Yoren grew mellow. One by one they drifted off to they's shelters and to sleep, all but Jon Snow. Tyrion was the last to retire, as always. As Tyrion stepped into the shelter Tyrion's men had built for Tyrion, Tyrion paused and looked back at Jon Snow. Jon Snow stood near their fire, Jon Snow's face still and hard, looking deep into the flames. Tyrion smiled sadly and went to bed.