 Ned and the girls were eight days gone when Maester Luwin came to her one night in Bran's sickroom, carrying a reading lamp and the books of account. It is past time that we reviewed the figures, her, Maester Luwin said. her'll want to know how much this royal visit cost we. her looked at Bran's Bran's's and brushed Bran's's hair back off Bran's's forehead. his hair had grown very long, her realized. her would have to cut his hair soon. her have no need to look at figures, Maester Luwin, her told Maester Luwin, never taking her's eyes from Bran's. her know what this royal visit cost we. Take the books of account away. Maester Luwin's , the king's party had healthy appetites. we must replenish we's stores before—  her cut Maester Luwin off. her said, take the books of account away. The steward will attend to we's needs. we have no steward, Maester Luwin reminded her. Like a little grey rat, her thought, Maester Luwin would not let go.Poole went south to establish Lord Eddard's household at King's Landing. Catelyn nodded absently. Oh, yes. Catelyn remember. Bran looked so pale. Catelyn wondered whether they might move Bran's bed under the window, so Bran could get the morning sun. Maester Luwin set the lamp in a niche by the door and fiddled with the lamp's wick. There are several appointments that require Catelyn's immediate attention, Catelyn. Besides the steward, we need a captain of the guards to fill Jory's place, a new master of horse—  Catelyn's eyes snapped around and found Maester Luwin. A master of horse? Catelyn's voice was a whip. Maester Luwin was shaken. Yes, Catelyn. Hullen rode south with Lord Eddard's, so—  Jory's lies here broken and dying, Maester Luwin, and Maester Luwin wish to discuss a new master of horse? Do Maester Luwin think Catelyn care what happens in the stables?Do you think it matters to me one whit? me would gladly butcher every horse in Winterfell with me's own hands if butcher would open Bran's eyes, do you understand that? Do you? you bowed you's head. Yes, me, but the appointments—  I'll make the appointments—, I said. me had not heard I enter, but there I stood in the doorway, looking at me. me had been shouting, me realized with a sudden flush of shame. What was happening to me? me was so tired, and me's head hurt all the time. you looked from me to I. you have prepared a list of those we might wish to consider for the vacant offices, you said, offering I a paper plucked from you's sleeve. I glanced at a list of those we might wish to consider for the vacant offices. I had come from outside, me saw; I's cheeks were red from the cold, I's hair shaggy and windblown. Good men, I said. We'll talk about those we might wish to consider for the vacant offices tomorrow.He handed back the list of names. Very good, He. the list of names vanished into He's sleeve. Leave us now, He said. He bowed and departed. He closed the door behind He and turned to her. He was wearing a sword, her saw. her, what are her doing? her had always thought He looked like her; like Bran and Rickon and Sansa, He had the Tully coloring, the auburn hair, the blue eyes. Yet now for the first time her saw something of Eddard Stark in He's face, something as stern and hard as the north. What am her doing? her echoed, puzzled. How can her ask that? What do her imagine her'm doing? her am taking care of her's brother.I am taking care of Bran. Is taking what I call taking? I haven't left this room since Bran was hurt. I didn't even come to the gate when Father and the girls went south. I said I's farewells to Father and the girls here, and watched Father and the girls ride out from that window. I had begged Ned not to go, not now, not after what had happened; everything had changed now, couldn't Ned see changed? It was no use. Ned had no choice, Ned had told I, and then Ned left, choosing. I can't leave Bran, even for a moment, not when any moment could be Bran's last. I have to be with Bran, if… if… I took Bran's limp hand, sliding Bran's fingers through I's own. Bran was so frail and thin, with no strength left in her son's limp hand, but I could still feel the warmth of life through Bran's skin. Robb's voice softened. Bran's not going to die, I. Maester Luwin says the time of greatest danger has passed. And what if Maester Luwin is wrong?What if Bran needs me and me'm not here? Rickon needs me, Robb said sharply. Rickon's only three, Rickon doesn't understand what's happening. Rickon thinks everyone has deserted Rickon, so Rickon follows Robb around all day, clutching Robb's leg and crying. Robb don't know what to do with Rickon. Robb paused a moment, chewing on Robb's lower lip the way Robb'd done when Robb was little. me, Robb need me too. Robb'm trying but Robb can't… Robb can't do it all by Robb. Robb's voice broke with sudden emotion, and me remembered that Robb was only fourteen. me wanted to get up and go to Robb, but Bran was still holding me's hand and me could not move. Outside the tower, a wolf began to howl. me trembled, just for a second. Bran's. Robb opened the window and let the night air into the stuffy tower room. The howling grew louder.It was a cold and lonely sound, full of melancholy and despair. Don't, she told him. Bran needs to stay warm. Bran needs to hear them sing, him said. Somewhere out in Winterfell, a second wolf began to howl in chorus with the first. Then a third, closer. Shaggydog and Grey Wind, him said as Shaggydog and Grey Wind's voices rose and fell together. You can tell Shaggydog and Grey Wind apart if you listen close. she was shaking. It was the grief, the cold, the howling of the direwolves. Night after night, the howling of the direwolves and the cold wind and the grey empty castle, on and on the direwolves went, never changing, and she's boy lying there broken, the sweetest of she's children, the gentlest, Bran who loved to laugh and climb and dreamt of knighthood, all gone now, she would never hear Bran laugh again. Sobbing, she pulled she's hand free of Bran and covered she's ears against the howling of the direwolves. Make the direwolves stop! she cried. she can't stand it, make the direwolves stop, make the direwolves stop, kill the direwolves if you must, just make the direwolves stop!She didn't remember falling to the floor, but there She was, and Robb was lifting She, holding She in strong arms. Don't be afraid, She. They would never hurt him. Robb helped She to She's narrow bed in the corner of the sickroom. Close She's eyes, Robb said gently. Rest. Maester Luwin tells me She've hardly slept since Bran's fall. She can't, She wept. Gods forgive She, Robb, She can't, what if him dies while She'm asleep, what if him dies, what if him dies… They were still howling. She screamed and held She's ears again. Oh, gods, close the window! If Robb swear to me She'll sleep. Robb went to the window, but as Robb reached for the shutters another sound was added to the mournful howling of They. Dogs, Robb said, listening. Dogs are barking.They've never done that before… Catelyn heard his breath catch in his's throat. When Catelyn looked up, his's face was pale in the lamplight. Fire, his whispered. Fire, Catelyn thought, and then, Bran! Help Catelyn, Catelyn said urgently, sitting up. Help Catelyn with Bran. his did not seem to hear Catelyn. The library tower's on fire, his said. Catelyn could see the flickering reddish light through the open window now. Catelyn sagged with relief. Bran was safe. The library was across the bailey, there was no way the fire would reach them here. Thank the gods, Catelyn whispered. his looked at Catelyn as if Catelyn'd gone mad. Catelyn, stay here.I'll come back as soon as the fire's out. I ran then. She heard I shout to the guards outside the room, heard them descending together in a wild rush, taking the stairs two and three at a time. Outside, there were shouts of Fire! in the yard, screams, running footsteps, the whinny of frightened horses, and the frantic barking of the castle dogs. the frantic barking of the castle dogs was gone, She realized as She listened to the cacophony. the castle dogs had fallen silent. She said a silent prayer of thanks to the seven faces of god as She went to the window. Across the bailey, long tongues of flame shot from the windows of the library. She watched the smoke rise into the sky and thought sadly of all the books the Starks had gathered over the centuries. Then She closed the shutters. When She turned away from the window, I was in the room with She. She weren't s'posed to be here, I muttered sourly. No one was s'posed to be here. I was a small, dirty man in filthy brown clothing, and I stank of horses.Catelyn knew all the men who worked in their stables, and he was none of all the men who worked in their stables. he was gaunt, with limp blond hair and pale eyes deep-sunk in a bony face, and there was a dagger in he's hand. Catelyn looked at a dagger, then at Bran. No, Catelyn said. The word stuck in Catelyn's throat, the merest whisper. he must have heard Catelyn. It's a mercy, he said. Bran's dead already. No, Catelyn said, louder now as Catelyn found Catelyn's voice again. No, he can't. Catelyn spun back toward the window to scream for help, but he moved faster than Catelyn would have believed. One hand clamped down over Catelyn's mouth and yanked back Catelyn's head, the other brought a dagger up to Catelyn's windpipe. The stench of he was overwhelming. Catelyn reached up with both hands and grabbed a dagger with all Catelyn's strength, pulling a dagger away from her windpipe. Catelyn heard he cursing into Catelyn's ear.Her fingers were slippery with blood, but Her would not let go of the dagger. The hand over Her's mouth clenched more tightly, shutting off Her's air. Her twisted Her's head to the side and managed to get a piece of his flesh between Her's teeth. Her bit down hard into The hand over her mouth. his grunted in pain. Her ground her teeth together and tore at his, and all of a sudden his let go. The taste of his's blood filled her mouth. Her sucked in air and screamed, and his grabbed Her's hair and pulled Her away from his, and Her stumbled and went down, and then his was standing over Her, breathing hard, shaking. the dagger was still clutched tightly in his's right hand, slick with blood. Her weren't s'posed to be here, his repeated stupidly. Her saw the shadow slip through the open door behind his. There was a low rumble, less than a snarl, the merest whisper of a threat, but his must have heard something, because his started to turn just as the wolf made the wolf's leap. They went down together, half sprawled over Catelyn where Her'd fallen. the wolf had his under the jaw. his's shriek lasted less than a second before the wolf wrenched back the wolf's head, taking out half his's throat.His blood felt like warm rain as His blood sprayed across her face. The wolf was looking at her. The wolf's jaws were red and wet and The wolf's eyes glowed golden in the dark room. The wolf was Bran's wolf, her realized. Of course The wolf was. Thank you, her whispered, her's voice faint and tiny. her lifted her's hand, trembling. The wolf padded closer, sniffed at her hand, then licked at His blood with a wet rough tongue. When The wolf had cleaned His blood off her hand, The wolf turned away silently and jumped up on Bran's's bed and lay down beside Bran's. her began to laugh hysterically. That was the way they found them, when Robb and Maester Luwin and Ser Rodrik burst in with half the guards in Winterfell. When the laughter finally died in her's throat, Robb and Maester Luwin and Ser Rodrik wrapped her in warm blankets and led her back to the Great Keep, to her's own chambers. Old Nan undressed her and helped her into a scalding hot bath and washed His blood off her with a soft cloth. Afterward Maester Luwin arrived to dress her's wounds. The cuts in her hand went deep, almost to the bone, and her's scalp was raw and bleeding where Maester Luwin'd pulled out a handful of hair.The maester told her the pain was just starting now, and gave her's milk of the poppy to help her's sleep. Finally her closed her's eyes. When her opened her eyes again, they told her that her had slept four days. her nodded and sat up in bed. It all seemed like a nightmare to her now, everything since Bran's fall, a terrible dream of blood and grief, but her had the pain in her's hands to remind her that It all was real. her felt weak and light-headed, yet strangely resolute, as if a great weight had lifted from her. Bring her some bread and honey, her told her's servants, and take word to The maester that her's bandages want changing. her servants looked at her in surprise and ran to do her's bidding. her remembered the way her had been before, and her was ashamed. her had let them all down, her's children, her's husband, her's House. let would not happen again. her would show these northerners how strong a Tully of Riverrun could be. Robb arrived before her's food. Rodrik Cassel came with Robb, and her husband's ward Theon Greyjoy, and lastly Hallis Mollen, a muscular guardsman with a square brown beard. Hallis Mollen, a muscular guardsman with a square brown beard was the new captain of the guard, Robb said.Her son was dressed in boiled leather and ringmail, Her saw, and a sword hung at Her son's waist. Who was Her son? Her asked them. No one knows Her son's name, Hallis Mollen told Her. Her son was no man of Winterfell, m'lady, but some says some seen Her son here and about Winterfell these past few weeks. One of the king's men, then, Her said, or one of the Lannisters'. Her son could have waited behind when the others left. Maybe, Hal said. With all these strangers filling up Winterfell of late, there's no way of saying who Her son belonged to. Her son'd been hiding in Her's stables, Greyjoy said. Her could smell hiding on Her son. And how could Her son go unnoticed? Her said sharply. Hallis Mollen looked abashed. Between the horses Lord Eddard took south and them we sent north to the Night's Watch, your stables were half-empty.It were no great trick to hide from the stableboys. Could be Hodor saw him, the talk is that boy's been acting queer, but simple as that boy is… Hal shook Hal's head. We found where him'd been sleeping, Robb put in. him had ninety silver stags in a leather bag buried beneath the straw. It's good to know him's life was not sold cheaply, my said bitterly. Hallis Mollen looked at my, confused. Begging your grace, my, my saying him was out to kill my's ? Greyjoy was doubtful. That's madness. him came for him, my said. him kept muttering how my wasn't supposed to be there. him set the library fire thinking my would rush to put the library fire out, taking any guards with my. If my hadn't been half-mad with grief, it would have worked. Why would anyone want to kill him? Robb said.Gods, he's only a little boy, helpless, sleeping…  Catelyn gave Catelyn firstborn a challenging look. If her firstborn are to rule in the north, her firstborn must think these things through, her firstborn. Answer her firstborn's own question. Why would anyone want to kill a sleeping child? Before her firstborn could answer, the servants returned with a plate of food fresh from the kitchen. There was much more than Catelyn'd asked for: hot bread, butter and honey and blackberry preserves, a rasher of bacon and a soft-boiled egg, a wedge of cheese, a pot of mint tea. And with a plate of food fresh from the kitchen came Maester Luwin. How is he, Maester Luwin? Catelyn looked at much more than she'd asked for and found Catelyn had no appetite. Maester Luwin lowered Maester Luwin's eyes. Unchanged, Maester Luwin's . It was the reply Catelyn had expected, no more and no less. Catelyn's hands throbbed with pain, as if the blade were still in Catelyn, cutting deep. Catelyn sent the servants away and looked back to her firstborn. Do her firstborn have the answer yet?Someone is afraid Bran might wake up, Robb said, afraid of what Bran might say or do, afraid of something Bran knows. Catelyn was proud of Robb. Very good. Catelyn turned to the new captain of the guard. We must keep Bran safe. If there was one killer, there could be others. How many guards do Catelyn want, rn'lady? the new captain of the guard asked. So long as Lord Eddard is away, Catelyn's is the master of Winterfell, Catelyn told the new captain of the guard. Robb stood a little taller. Put one man in the sickroom, night and day, one outside the door, two at the bottom of the stairs. No one sees Bran without Robb's warrant or Robb's mother's. As Robb say, Robb. Do Put now, Catelyn suggested. And let Bran's wolf stay in the room with Bran, Robb added.Yes, Catelyn said. And then again: Yes. Hallis Mollen bowed and left the room. Catelyn, Ser Rodrik said when Hallis Mollen had gone, did Catelyn chance to notice the dagger the killer used? The circumstances did not allow Catelyn to examine the dagger the killer used closely, but Catelyn can vouch for the dagger the killer used's edge, Catelyn replied with a dry smile. Why do Ser Rodrik ask? We found the dagger the killer used still in the killer's grasp. It seemed to Ser Rodrik that the dagger the killer used was altogether too fine a weapon for such a man, so Ser Rodrik looked at the dagger the killer used long and hard. The blade is Valyrian steel, the hilt dragonbone. A weapon like the dagger the killer used has no business being in the hands of such as the killer. Someone gave the dagger the killer used to the killer. Catelyn nodded, thoughtful. Robb, close the door. Robb looked at Catelyn's strangely, but did as Catelyn told Robb. What Catelyn am about to tell you must not leave the room, Catelyn told you.I want your oaths on that. If even part of what I suspect is true, Ned and I's girls have ridden into deadly danger, and a word in the wrong ears could mean Ned and my girls's lives. Lord Eddard is a second father to I, said I. I do so swear. I have my oath, my said. And mine, I, echoed Ser Rodrik. I looked at Ser Rodrik. And Ser Rodrik, Ser Rodrik? Ser Rodrik nodded Ser Rodrik's consent. I's sister Lysa believes the Lannisters murdered My sister Lysa's husband, Lord Arryn, the Hand of the King, Catelyn told them. It comes to I that Jaime Lannister did not join the hunt the day Bran fell. Jaime Lannister remained here in the castle. The room was deathly quiet. I do not think Bran fell from that tower, I said into the stillness.I think he was thrown. The shock was plain on their faces. I, that is a monstrous suggestion, said Rodrik Cassel. Even the Kingslayer would flinch at the murder of an innocent child. Oh, would Even the Kingslayer? Theon Greyjoy asked. Theon Greyjoy wonder. There is no limit to Lannister pride or Lannister ambition, I said. he had always been surehanded in the past, Maester Luwin said thoughtfully. he knew every stone in Winterfell. Gods, Robb swore, Robb's young face dark with anger. If knew is true, he will pay for knew. Robb drew Robb's sword and waved his sword in the air. Robb'll kill he Robb!Ser Rodrik bristled at him. Put that away! The Lannisters are a hundred leagues away. Never draw him's sword unless him mean to use your sword. How many times must Ser Rodrik tell him, him? Abashed, him sheathed that, suddenly a child again. Catelyn said to Ser Rodrik, Catelyn see Catelyn's is wearing steel now. Ser Rodrik said, Ser Rodrik thought it was time. him was looking at Catelyn anxiously. Past time, Catelyn said. Winterfell may have need of all Winterfell's swords soon, and all its swords had best not be made of wood. Theon Greyjoy put a hand on the hilt of Theon Greyjoy's blade and said, Theon Greyjoy's , if it comes to that, Theon Greyjoy's owes Catelyn's a great debt. Maester Luwin pulled at Maester Luwin's chain collar where his chain collar chafed against Maester Luwin's neck. All we have is conjecture.This is the queen's beloved brother we mean to accuse. the queen's will not take it kindly. we must have proof, or forever keep silent. we's proof is in the dagger, Ser Rodrik said. A fine blade like the dagger will not have gone unnoticed. There was only one place to find the truth of it, we realized. Someone must go to King's Landing. I'll go, I said. No, we told I. I's place is here. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. we looked at Ser RodrikSer Rodrik's , at Maester Luwin in Maester Luwin in his grey robes's grey robes, at young Greyjoy, lean and dark and impetuous. Who to send? Who would be believed?Then she knew. she struggled to push back the blankets, she's bandaged fingers as stiff and unyielding as stone. she climbed out of bed. she must go she. she, said Maester Luwin, is go wise? Surely the Lannisters would greet she's arrival with suspicion. What about Bran? Robb asked. Robb looked utterly confused now. she can't mean to leave Robb. she have done everything she can for Bran, she said, laying a wounded hand on Robb's arm. Bran's life is in the hands of the gods and Maester Luwin. As Robb reminded she Robb, Robb, she have other children to think of now. she will need a strong escort, she, Theon said.I'll send Hal with a squad of guardsmen, I said. No, Catelyn said. A large party attracts unwelcome attention. Catelyn would not have the Lannisters know Catelyn am coming. Ser Rodrik protested. Ser Rodrik's , let Ser Rodrik accompany Catelyn at least. The kingsroad can be perilous for a woman alone. Catelyn will not be taking The kingsroad, Catelyn replied. Catelyn thought for a moment, then nodded Catelyn's consent. Two riders can move as fast as one, and a good deal faster than a long column burdened by wagons and wheelhouses. Catelyn will welcome Ser Rodrik's company, Ser Rodrik. We will follow the White Knife down to the sea, and hire a ship at White Harbor. Strong horses and brisk winds should bring We to King's Landing well ahead of Ned and the Lannisters. And then, Catelyn thought, We shall see what We shall see.