 Eddard Stark had left before dawn, Septa Mordane informed Sansa as they broke they's fast. The king sent for Eddard Stark. Another hunt, Septa Mordane do believe. There are still wild aurochs in these lands, Septa Mordane am told. Sansa've never seen an aurochs, Sansa said, feeding a piece of bacon to Lady under the table. Lady took a piece of bacon from Sansa's hand, as delicate as a queen. Septa Mordane sniffed in disapproval. A noble lady does not feed dogs at A noble lady's table, Septa Mordane said, breaking off another piece of comb and letting the honey drip down onto Septa Mordane's bread. Lady's not a dog, Lady's a direwolf, Sansa pointed out as Lady licked Lady's fingers with a rough tongue. Anyway, The king said we could keep dogs with we if we want. Septa Mordane was not appeased. Sansa're a good girl, Sansa, but Septa Mordane do vow, when it comes to Lady Sansa're as willful as Sansa's sister Arya. Sansa scowled. And where is your sister Arya this morning? your sister Arya wasn't hungry, Sansa said, knowing full well that your sister Arya had probably stolen down to the kitchen hours ago and wheedled a breakfast out of some cook's boy. Do remind your sister Arya to dress nicely today. The grey velvet, perhaps. We are all invited to ride with the queen and Princess Myrcella in the royal wheelhouse, and We must look We's best.Sansa already looked Sansa best. Sansa had brushed out Sansa's long auburn hair until her long auburn hair shone, and picked Sansa's nicest blue silks. Sansa had been looking forward to today for more than a week. It was a great honor to ride with the queen, and besides, Prince Joffrey might be there. Prince Joffrey Just thinking it made Sansa feel a strange fluttering inside, even though they were not to marry for years and years. Sansa did not really know Prince Joffrey yet, but Sansa was already in love with Prince Joffrey. Prince Joffrey was all Sansa ever dreamt Prince Joffrey should be, tall and handsome and strong, with hair like gold. Sansa treasured every chance to spend time with Prince Joffrey, few as they were. The only thing that scared Sansa about today was Arya. Arya had a way of ruining everything. You never knew what Arya would do. Sansa'll tell Arya, Sansa said uncertainly, but Arya'll dress the way Arya always does. Sansa hoped it wouldn't be too embarrassing. May Sansa be excused? Sansa may. Septa Mordane helped Septa Mordane to more bread and honey, and Sansa slid from the bench. Lady followed at Sansa's heels as Sansa ran from the inn's common room.Outside, she stood for a moment amidst the shouts and curses and the creak of wooden wheels as the men broke down the tents and pavilions and loaded the wagons for another day's march. The inn was a sprawling three-story structure of pale stone, the biggest that she had ever seen, but even so, The inn had accommodations for less than a third of the king's party, which had swollen to more than four hundred with the addition of the king's's household and the freeriders who had joined them on the road. she found Arya on the banks of the Trident, trying to hold Nymeria still while Arya brushed dried mud from Nymeria's fur. Nymeria was not enjoying brushed. Arya was wearing the same riding leathers Arya had worn yesterday and the day before. Arya better put on something pretty, she told Arya. Septa Mordane said so. We're traveling in the queen's wheelhouse with Princess Myrcella today. Arya'm not, Arya said, trying to brush a tangle out of her fur. Mycah and Arya are going to ride upstream and look for rubies at the ford. Rubies, she said, lost. What rubies? Arya gave she a look like she was so stupid. Rhaegar's rubies. the ford is where King Robert killed Rhaegar's and won the crown. she regarded Arya in disbelief. Arya can't look for rubies, Princess Myrcella is expecting We. the queen's invited We.I don't care, Arya said. The wheelhouse doesn't even have windows, you can't see a thing. What could I want to see? Sansa said, annoyed. Sansa had been thrilled by the invitation, and Sansa's was going to ruin everything, just as Sansa'd feared. It's all just fields and farms and holdfasts. It is not, Arya said stubbornly. If I came with us sometimes, I'd see. Sansa hate riding, Sansa said fervently. All riding does is get Sansa soiled and dusty and sore. Arya shrugged. Hold still, Arya snapped at Nymeria, Arya'm not hurting Nymeria. Then to Sansa Arya said, When us were crossing the Neck, Arya counted thirty-six flowers Arya never saw before, and Mycah showed Arya a lizard-lion. Sansa shuddered. us had been twelve days crossing the Neck, rumbling down a crooked causeway through an endless black bog, and Sansa had hated every moment of it. The air had been damp and clammy, a crooked causeway so narrow us could not even make proper camp at night, us had to stop right on the kingsroad. Dense thickets of half-drowned trees pressed close around us, branches dripping with curtains of pale fungus. Huge flowers bloomed in the mud and floated on pools of stagnant water, but if you were stupid enough to leave a crooked causeway to pluck Huge flowers, there were quicksands waiting to suck you down, and snakes watching from the trees, and lizard-lions floating half-submerged in the water, like black logs with eyes and teeth.None of which stopped Arya, of course. One day Arya came back grinning Arya's horsey grin, Arya's hair all tangled and Arya's clothes covered in mud, clutching a raggedy bunch of purple and green flowers for Father. Sansa kept hoping Father would tell Arya to behave Arya and act like the highborn lady Arya was supposed to be, but Father never did, Father only hugged Arya and thanked Arya for a raggedy bunch of purple and green flowers. That just made Arya worse. Then it turned out a raggedy bunch of purple and green flowers were called poison kisses, and Arya got a rash on Arya's arms. Sansa would have thought got might have taught Arya a lesson, but Arya laughed about got, and the next day Arya rubbed mud all over her arms like some ignorant bog woman just because Arya's friend Mycah told Arya mud would stop the itching. Arya had bruises on her arms and shoulders too, dark purple welts and faded green-and-yellow splotches, Sansa had seen dark purple welts and faded green-and-yellow splotches when Sansa's undressed for sleep. How Arya had gotten dark purple welts and faded green-and-yellow splotches only the seven gods knew. Arya was still going on, brushing out Nymeria's tangles and chattering about things Arya'd seen on the trek south. Last week we found this haunted watchtower, and the day before we chased a herd of wild horses. You should have seen a herd of wild horses run when a herd of wild horses caught a scent of Nymeria's. Nymeria's wriggled in Arya's grasp and Arya scolded Arya. Stop that, Arya have to do the other side, Arya're all muddy. Arya're not supposed to leave the column, Sansa reminded Arya. Father said so. Arya shrugged. Arya didn't go far. Anyway, Nymeria's was with Arya the whole time.I don't always go off, either. Sometimes it's fun just to ride along with the wagons and talk to people. Sansa knew all about the sorts of people Arya liked to talk to: squires and grooms and serving girls, old men and naked children, rough-spoken freeriders of uncertain birth. Arya would make friends with anybody. This Mycah was the worst; a butcher's boy, thirteen and wild, This Mycah slept in the meat wagon and smelled of the slaughtering block. Just the sight of This Mycah was enough to make Sansa feel sick, but Arya seemed to prefer This Mycah's company to Arya. Sansa was running out of patience now. Arya have to come with Sansa, Sansa told Sansa's firmly. Arya can't refuse the queen. Septa Mordane will expect Arya. Arya ignored Sansa. Arya gave a hard yank with the brush. Nymeria growled and spun away, affronted. Come back here! There's going to be lemon cakes and tea, Sansa went on, all adult and reasonable. Lady brushed against Sansa's leg. Sansa scratched Lady's ears the way Lady liked, and Lady sat beside Sansa on Lady's haunches, watching Arya chase Nymeria. Why would Arya want to ride a smelly old horse and get all sore and sweaty when Arya could recline on feather pillows and eat cakes with the queen?I don't like the queen, I said casually. Sansa sucked in Sansa's breath, shocked that I would say such a thing, but Sansa's prattled on, heedless. the queen won't even let I bring Nymeria. I thrust the brush under I's belt and stalked Nymeria. Nymeria watched I's approach warily. A royal wheelhouse is no place for a wolf, Sansa said. And Princess Myrcella is afraid of a wolf, you know is. Princess Myrcella is a little baby. I grabbed Nymeria around I's neck, but the moment I pulled out the brush again Nymeria wriggled free and bounded off. Frustrated, I threw down the brush. Bad wolf! I shouted. Sansa couldn't help but smile a little. The kennelmaster once told Sansa that an animal takes after an animal's master. Sansa gave Lady a quick little hug. Lady licked Sansa's cheek. Sansa giggled. I heard and whirled around, glaring.I don't care what you say, I'm going out riding. I's long horsey face got the stubborn look that meant I was going to do something willful. Gods be true, I, sometimes I act like such a child, you said. you'll go by you then. It will be ever so much nicer that way. Lady and you will eat all the lemon cakes and just have the best time without I. you turned to walk off, but I shouted after you, They won't let you bring Lady either. I was gone before you could think of a reply, chasing Nymeria along the river. Alone and humiliated, you took the long way back to the inn, where you knew Septa Mordane would be waiting. Lady padded quietly by you's side. you was almost in tears. All you wanted was for things to be nice and pretty, the way things were in the songs. Why couldn't I be sweet and delicate and kind, like Princess Myrcella? you would have liked a sister like Princess Myrcella. you could never understand how two sisters, born only two years apart, could be so different. It would have been easier if I had been a bastard, like two sisters, born only two years apart's half brother Jon. I even looked like their half brother Jon, with the long face and brown hair of the Starks, and nothing of two sisters, born only two years apart's lady mother in I's face or I's coloring.And Jon's mother had been common, or so people whispered. Once, when she was littler, she had even asked Jon's mother if perhaps there hadn't been some mistake. Perhaps the grumkins had stolen she's real sister. But Jon's mother had only laughed and said no, her real sister was Jon's mother's daughter and she's trueborn sister, blood of their blood. she could not think why Jon's mother would want to lie about it, so she supposed it had to be true. As she neared the center of camp, she's distress was quickly forgotten. A crowd had gathered around Jon's mother's wheelhouse. she heard excited voices buzzing like a hive of bees. The doors had been thrown open, she saw, and Jon's mother stood at the top of the wooden steps, smiling down at someone. she heard Jon's mother saying, The council does us great honor, Jon's mother's good lords. What's happening? she asked a squire she knew. The council sent riders from King's Landing to escort us the rest of the way, a squire she knew told she. An honor guard for King's. Anxious to see, she let Lady clear a path through A crowd. People moved aside hastily for the direwolf. When she got closer, she saw two knights kneeling before Jon's mother, in armor so fine and gorgeous that it made she's blink.One knight wore an intricate suit of white enameled scales, brilliant as a field of new-fallen snow, with silver chasings and clasps that glittered in the sun. When One knight removed One knight's helm, Sansa saw that One knight was an old man with hair as pale as One knight's armor, yet One knight seemed strong and graceful for all that. From One knight's shoulders hung the pure white cloak of the Kingsguard. One knight's companion was a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green. a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green was the handsomest man Sansa had ever set eyes upon; tall and powerfully made, with jet-black hair that fell to a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green's shoulders and framed a clean-shaven face, and laughing green eyes to match a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green's armor. Cradled under one arm was an antlered helm, an antlered helm's magnificent rack shimmering in gold. At first Sansa did not notice the third stranger. the third stranger did not kneel with the others. the third stranger stood to one side, beside the others's horses, the third stranger. the third stranger's face was pockmarked and beardless, with deepset eyes and hollow cheeks. Though the third stranger was not an old man, only a few wisps of hair remained to the third stranger, sprouting above the third stranger's ears, but those the third stranger had grown long as a woman's. the third stranger's armor was iron-grey chainmail over layers of boiled leather, plain and unadorned, and His armor spoke of age and hard use. Above the third stranger's right shoulder the stained leather hilt of the blade strapped to the third stranger's back was visible; the blade strapped to his back. The king is gone hunting, but I know The king will be pleased to see you when The king returns, I was saying to you, but Sansa could not take Sansa's eyes off the third stranger. the third stranger seemed to feel the weight of Sansa's gaze. Slowly the third stranger turned the third stranger's head. Lady growled.A terror as overwhelming as anything Sansa Stark had ever felt filled Sansa Stark suddenly. Sansa Stark stepped backward and bumped into someone. Strong hands grasped Sansa Stark by the shoulders, and for a moment Sansa Stark thought it was Sansa Stark's father, but when Sansa Stark turned, it was the burned face of Sandor Clegane looking down at Sansa Stark, Sandor Clegane's mouth twisted in a terrible mockery of a smile. Sansa Stark are shaking, Sansa Stark, Sandor Clegane said, Sandor Clegane's voice rasping. Do Sandor Clegane frighten Sansa Stark so much? Sandor Clegane did, and had since Sansa Stark had first laid eyes on the ruin that fire had made of Sandor Clegane's face, though it seemed to Sansa Stark now that Sandor Clegane was not half so terrifying as the other. Still, Sansa Stark wrenched away from Sandor Clegane, and the Hound laughed, and Lady moved between them, rumbling a warning. Sansa Stark dropped to Sansa Stark's knees to wrap Sansa Stark's arms around the Hound. They were all gathered around gaping, Sansa Stark could feel They's eyes on Sansa Stark, and here and there Sansa Stark heard muttered comments and titters of laughter. A wolf, a man said, and someone else said, Seven hells, A wolf's a direwolf, and the first man said, What's A wolf doing in camp? and the Hound's rasping voice replied, The Starks use A wolf for wet nurses, and Sansa Stark realized that the two stranger knights were looking down on Sansa Stark and Lady, swords in the two stranger knights's hands, and then Sansa Stark was frightened again, and ashamed. Tears filled Sansa Stark's eyes. Sansa Stark heard the queen say, Joffrey, go to Sansa Stark. And Joffrey was there. Leave Sansa Stark alone, Joffrey said. Joffrey stood over Sansa Stark, beautiful in blue wool and black leather, Joffrey's golden curls shining in the sun like a crown. Joffrey gave Sansa Stark Joffrey's hand, drew Sansa Stark to Sansa Stark's feet.What is it, sweet lady? Why are sweet lady afraid? No one will hurt sweet lady. Put away sweet lady's swords, sweet lady. The wolf is The wolf's little pet, is's all. He looked at Sandor Clegane. And Sandor Clegane, Sandor Clegane, away with Sandor Clegane, Sandor Clegane're scaring He's . Sandor Clegane bowed and slid away quietly through the press. sweet lady struggled to steady sweet lady. sweet lady felt like such a fool. sweet lady was a Stark of Winterfell, a noble lady, and someday sweet lady would be a queen. It was not He, He, sweet lady tried to explain. It was the other one. The two stranger knights exchanged a look. Payne? chuckled the young man in the green armor. the other one spoke to sweet lady gently.Ofttimes Ser Ilyn frightens me as well, sweet lady. Ofttimes Ser Ilyn has a fearsome aspect. As well Ofttimes Ser Ilyn should. The queen had descended from the wheelhouse. The spectators parted to make way for The queen. If the wicked do not fear the Mng's Justice, sweet lady have put the wrong man in the office. sweet lady finally found sweet lady's words. Then surely The queen have chosen the right one, The queen's Grace, sweet lady said, and a gale of laughter erupted all around sweet lady. Well spoken, sweet lady, said the old man in white. As befits sweet lady. the old man in white am honored to know sweet lady, however irregular the manner of our meeting. the old man in white am Ser Barristan Selmy, of the Kingsguard. the old man in white bowed. sweet lady knew Ser Barristan Selmy, of the Kingsguard, and now the courtesies that Septa Mordane had taught sweet lady over the years came back to sweet lady. The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard, sweet lady said, and councillor to Robert our king and to Aerys Targaryen before our king. The honor is the old man in white, the old man in white. Even in the far north, the singers praise the deeds of Barristan the Bold.The green knight laughed again. Barristan the Old, you mean. Don't flatter The green knight too sweetly, you, The green knight thinks overmuch of The green knight already. The green knight smiled at you. Now, you, if you can put a name to The green knight as well, then The green knight must concede that you are truly our Hand's daughter. Joffrey stiffened beside you. Have a care how you address Joffrey's . you can answer, you said quickly, to quell Joffrey's anger. you smiled at The green knight. The green knight's helmet bears golden antlers, you's . The stag is the sigil of the royal House. King Robert has two brothers. By The green knight's extreme youth, The green knight can only be Renly Baratheon, Lord of Storm's End and councillor to King Robert, and so you name The green knight. The green knight chuckled. By The green knight's extreme youth, The green knight can only be a prancing jackanapes, and so The green knight name The green knight. There was general laughter, led by Renly Baratheon, Lord of Storm's End and councillor to the king. The tension of a few moments ago was gone, and you was beginning to feel comfortable… until Ser Ilyn Payne shouldered two men aside, and stood before you, unsmiling.He did not say a word. Lady bared Lady's teeth and began to growl, a low rumble full of menace, but this time Sansa silenced Lady with a gentle hand to the head. Sansa am sorry if Sansa offended He, He, Sansa said. Sansa waited for an answer, but none came. As He looked at Sansa, He's pale colorless eyes seemed to strip the clothes away from Sansa, and then the skin, leaving Sansa's soul naked before He. Still silent, He turned and walked away. Sansa did not understand. Sansa looked at Sansa's prince. Did Sansa say something wrong, her prince? Why will He not speak to Sansa? He has not been feeling talkative these past fourteen years, Lord Renly commented with a sly smile. her prince gave Lord Renly a look of pure loathing, then took Sansa's hands in her prince's own. Aerys Targaryen had Aerys Targaryen's tongue ripped out with hot pincers. Aerys Targaryen speaks most eloquently with Aerys Targaryen's sword, however, the queen said, and Aerys Targaryen's devotion to our realm is unquestioned. Then the queen smiled graciously and said, Sansa, the good councillors and the queen must speak together until the king returns with Sansa's father. the queen fear we shall have to postpone Sansa's day with Myrcella. Please give Myrcella the queen's apologies.Joffrey, perhaps Joffrey would be so kind as to entertain our guest today. It would be Joffrey's pleasure, Mother, Joffrey said very formally. Joffrey took Mother by the arm and led Mother away from the wheelhouse, and Mother's spirits took flight. A whole day with Mother's ! Mother gazed at Joffrey worshipfully. Joffrey was so gallant, Mother thought. The way Joffrey had rescued Mother from Ser Ilyn and the Hound, why, it was almost like the songs, like the time Serwyn of the Mirror Shield saved the Princess Daeryssa from the giants, or Prince Aemon the Dragonknight championing Queen Naerys's honor against evil Ser Morgil's slanders. The touch of Joffrey's hand on Mother's sleeve made Mother's heart beat faster. What would Mother like to do? Be with Joffrey, Mother thought, but Mother said, Whatever Joffrey'd like to do, Mother's . Joffrey reflected a moment. We could go riding. Oh, Mother love riding, Mother said. Joffrey glanced back at Lady, who was following at We's heels. Mother's wolf is liable to frighten the horses, and the Hound seems to frighten Mother. Let We leave them both behind and set off on We's own, what do Mother say? Mother hesitated.If you like, she said uncertainly. you suppose you could tie Lady up. Lady did not quite understand, though. Lady didn't know you had a dog…  you laughed. a dog's you's mother's dog, in truth. my mother's has set a dog to guard you, and so a dog does. you mean the Hound, Lady said. Lady wanted to hit Lady for being so slow. Lady's would never love Lady if Lady seemed stupid. Is it safe to leave a dog behind? you looked annoyed that Lady would even ask. Have no fear, Lady. you am almost a man grown, and you don't fight with wood like Lady's brothers. All you need is this. you drew this and showed this to Lady; a longsword adroitly shrunken to suit a boy of twelve, gleaming blue steel, castle-forged and double-edged, with a leather grip and a lion's-head pommel in gold. Lady exclaimed over this admiringly, and you looked pleased. you call this Lion's Tooth, you said.And so they left her direwolf and her direwolf's bodyguard behind they, while they ranged east along the north bank of the Trident with no company save Lion's Tooth. It was a glorious day, a magical day. The air was warm and heavy with the scent of flowers, and the woods here had a gentle beauty that her had never seen in the north. Prince Joffrey's mount was a blood bay courser, swift as the wind, and Prince Joffrey's rode Prince Joffrey's mount with reckless abandon, so fast that her was hard-pressed to keep up on Prince Joffrey's mount. It was a day for adventures. they explored the caves by the north bank of the Trident, and tracked a shadowcat to a shadowcat's lair, and when they grew hungry, Prince Joffrey's found a holdfast by a holdfast's smoke and told a holdfast to fetch food and wine for a holdfast's and Prince Joffrey's's . they dined on trout fresh from the Trident, and her drank more wine than her had ever drunk before. her's father only lets they have one cup, and only at feasts, her confessed to Prince Joffrey's. Prince Joffrey's's can drink as much as her wants, Prince Joffrey's said, refilling one cup. they went more slowly after they had eaten. Prince Joffrey's sang for her as they rode, Prince Joffrey's's voice high and sweet and pure. her was a little dizzy from the wine. Shouldn't they be starting back? her asked. Soon, Prince Joffrey's said. The battleground is right up ahead, where the Trident bends. That was where My father killed Rhaegar Targaryen, her know.He smashed in He's chest, crunch, right through the armor. He swung an imaginary warhammer to show her how it was done. Then He's uncle Jaime killed old Aerys, and He's father was king. What's that sound? her heard that sound too, floating through the woods, a kind of wooden clattering, snack snack snack. her don't know, her said. that sound made her nervous, though. He, let's go back. her want to see what it is. He turned He's horse in the direction of the sounds, and her had no choice but to follow. the sounds grew louder and more distinct, the clack of wood on wood, and as they grew closer they heard heavy breathing as well, and now and then a grunt. Someone's there, her said anxiously. her found her thinking of Lady, wishing the direwolf was with her. the direwolf're safe with He. He drew He's Lion's Tooth from his Lion's Tooth's sheath. The sound of steel on leather made her tremble. This way, He said, riding through a stand of trees.Beyond, in a clearing overlooking the river, they came upon a boy and a girl playing at knights. a boy and a girl playing at knights's swords were wooden sticks, broom handles from the look of Their swords, and a boy and a girl playing at knights were rushing across the grass, swinging at each other lustily. a boy was years older, a head taller, and much stronger, and a boy was pressing the attack. a girl was dodging and managing to get a girl's stick in the way of most of a boy's blows, but not all. When a girl tried to lunge at a boy, a boy caught her stick with a boy's own, swept her stick aside, and slid his own down hard on a girl's fingers. a girl cried out and lost her stick. a boy laughed. a boy looked around, wide-eyed and startled, and dropped her stick in the grass. a girl glared at they, sucking on a girl's knuckles to take the sting out, and Sansa was horrified. Arya? Sansa called out incredulously. Go away, Arya shouted back at they, angry tears in Arya's eyes. What are they doing here? Leave they alone. a boy glanced from Arya to Sansa and back again. Arya? Sansa nodded, blushing.Joffrey examined the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair. And who are the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair, the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair? Joffrey asked in a commanding tone that took no notice of the fact that the other was a year Joffrey's senior. Mycah, the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair muttered. the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair recognized Joffrey and averted the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair's eyes. M'lord. the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair's the butcher's boy, Sansa said. the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair's the other's friend, the other said sharply. You leave the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair alone. A butcher's boy who wants to be a knight, is it? Joffrey swung down from Joffrey's mount, sword in hand. Pick up sword, the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair, Joffrey said, Joffrey's eyes bright with amusement. Let us see how good the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair are. the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair stood there, frozen with fear. Joffrey walked toward the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair. Go on, pick sword up. Or do the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair only fight little girls?She ast me to, m'lord, me said. She ast me to. Sansa had only to glance at Arya and see the flush on Arya's face to know me was telling the truth, but Joffrey was in no mood to listen. The wine had made Joffrey wild. Are me going to pick up me's sword? me shook me's head. your sword's only a stick, m'lord. your sword's not no sword, your sword's only a stick. And me're only a butcher's boy, and no knight. Joffrey lifted Lion's Tooth and laid Lion's Tooth's point on me's cheek below the eye, as me stood trembling. That was Joffrey's me were hitting, do me know that? A bright bud of blood blossomed where Lion's Tooth pressed into me's flesh, and a slow red line trickled down Mycah's cheek. Stop it! Arya screamed. Arya grabbed up Arya's fallen stick. Sansa was afraid. Arya, Arya stay out of this.I won't hurt him… much, I told Arya, never taking I's eyes off him. Arya went for I. Sansa slid off Sansa's mare, but Sansa was too slow. Arya swung with both hands. There was a loud crack as the wood split against the back of I's head, and then everything happened at once before Sansa's horrified eyes. I staggered and whirled around, roaring curses. him ran for the trees as fast as him's legs would take him. Arya swung at I again, but this time I caught the blow on Lion's Tooth and sent Arya's broken stick flying from both hands. the back of the prince's head the prince's head was all bloody and I's eyes were on fire. Sansa was shrieking, No, no, stop it, stop it, both of you, both of you're spoiling it, but no one was listening. Arya scooped up a rock and hurled a rock at the prince's head. Arya hit I's horse instead, and his horse reared and went galloping off after him. Stop it, don't, stop it! Sansa screamed. I slashed at Arya with I's sword, screaming obscenities, terrible words, filthy words. Arya darted back, frightened now, but I followed, hounding Arya toward the woods, backing Arya up against a tree. Sansa didn't know what to do.She watched helplessly, almost blind from She's tears. Then a grey blur flashed past She, and suddenly Nymeria was there, leaping, jaws closing around Joffrey's sword arm. The steel fell from Joffrey's's fingers as Nymeria knocked Joffrey's off Joffrey's's feet, and they rolled in the grass, Nymeria snarling and ripping at Joffrey's, Joffrey's shrieking in pain. Get The steel off, Joffrey's screamed. Get The steel off! She's voice cracked like a whip. Nymeria Nymeria let go of Joffrey's and moved to She's side. Joffrey's lay in the grass, whimpering, cradling Joffrey's sword arm. Joffrey's's shirt was soaked in blood. She said, Nymeria didn't hurt Joffrey's… much. She picked up Lion's Tooth where Lion's Tooth had fallen, and stood over Joffrey's, holding Lion's Tooth with both hands. Joffrey's made a scared whimpery sound as Joffrey's looked up at She. No, Joffrey's said, don't hurt Joffrey's. Joffrey's'll tell Joffrey's's mother. She leave Joffrey's alone! Sansa screamed at Sansa's .Arya whirled and heaved the sword into the air, putting Arya whole body into heaved. the sword flashed in the sun as the sword spun out over the river. the sword hit the river and vanished with a splash. Joffrey moaned. Arya ran off to Arya's horse, Nymeria loping at Arya's heels. After they had gone, Sansa went to Joffrey. Joffrey's eyes were closed in pain, Joffrey's breath ragged. Sansa knelt beside Joffrey. Joffrey, Sansa sobbed. Oh, look what they did, look what they did. Sansa's . Don't be afraid. Sansa'll ride to the holdfast and bring help for Joffrey. Tenderly Sansa reached out and brushed back Joffrey's soft blond hair. His eyes snapped open and looked at Sansa, and there was nothing but loathing there, nothing but the vilest contempt. Then go, Joffrey spit at Sansa. And don't touch Joffrey.