 They've found her, my lord. my lord rose quickly. They or Lannister's? It was Jory, my lord's steward Vayon Poole replied. her's not been harmed. Thank the gods, my lord said. They had been searching for her for four days now, but the queen's men had been out hunting as well. Where is her? Tell Jory to bring her here at once. his steward Vayon Poole am sorry, his steward Vayon Poole's , his steward Vayon Poole told my lord. The guards on the gate were Lannister men, and The guards on the gate informed the queen's when Jory brought her in.She's being taken directly before the king…  Damn She! Ned said, striding to the door. Find Sansa and bring She to the audience chamber. She's voice may be needed. Ned descended the tower steps in a red rage. Ned had led searches Ned for the first three days, and had scarcely slept an hour since She had disappeared. This morning Ned had been so heartsick and weary Ned could scarcely stand, but now Ned's fury was on Ned, filling Ned with strength. Men called out to Ned as Ned crossed the castle yard, but Ned ignored Men in Ned's haste. Ned would have run, but Ned was still the king's Hand, and a Hand must keep Ned's dignity. Ned was aware of the eyes that followed Ned, of the muttered voices wondering what Ned would do.The castle was a modest holding a half day's ride south of the Trident. The royal party had made The royal party the uninvited guests of The castle's lord, Ser Raymun Darry, while the hunt for Arya and the butcher's boy was conducted on both sides of the Trident. The royal party were not welcome visitors. its lord, Ser Raymun Darry lived under the king's peace, but its lord, Ser Raymun Darry's family had fought beneath Rhaegar's dragon banners at the Trident, and its lord, Ser Raymun Darry's three older brothers had died there, a truth neither Robert nor its lord, Ser Raymun Darry had forgotten. With king's men, its lord, Ser Raymun Darry men, Lannister men, and Stark men all crammed into The castle, tensions burned hot and heavy. the king's had appropriated its lord, Ser Raymun Darry's audience chamber, and Ser Raymun's audience chamber was where Ned found them. Ser Raymun's audience chamber was crowded when Ned burst in. Too crowded, Ned thought; left alone, Ned and Robert might have been able to settle the matter amicably. Robert was slumped in its lord, Ser Raymun Darry's high seat at the far end of Ser Raymun's audience chamber, Robert's face closed and sullen. Cersei Lannister and Cersei Lannister's son stood beside Robert.The queen had The queen's hand on Joffrey's shoulder. Thick silken bandages still covered Joffrey's's arm. Arya stood in the center of the room, alone but for Jory Cassel, every eye upon Arya. Arya, Ned called loudly. Ned went to Arya, Ned's boots ringing on the stone floor. When Arya saw Ned, Arya cried out and began to sob. Ned went to one knee and took Arya in Ned's arms. Arya was shaking. Arya'm sorry, Arya sobbed, Arya'm sorry, Arya'm sorry. Ned know, Ned said.She felt so tiny in his arms, nothing but a scrawny little girl. It was hard to see how She had caused so much trouble. Are She hurt? No. She's face was dirty, and She's tears left pink tracks down She's cheeks. Hungry some. She ate some berries, but there was nothing else. We'll feed She soon enough, Ned promised. his rose to face the king. What is the meaning of this?His eyes swept the room, searching for friendly faces. But for His's own men, his own men were few enough. Ser Raymun Darry guarded Ser Raymun Darry's look well. Lord Renly wore a half smile that might mean anything, and old Ser Barristan was grave; the rest were Lannister men, and hostile. Their only good fortune was that both Jaime Lannister and Sandor Clegane were missing, leading searches north of the Trident. Why was His not told that His's daughter had been found? His demanded, His's voice ringing. Why was my daughter not brought to His at once? His spoke to Robert, but it was Cersei Lannister who answered. How dare His speak to Cersei Lannister's in that manner!At that, the king stirred. Quiet, woman, the king snapped. the king straightened in the king's seat. the king am sorry, Ned. the king never meant to frighten the girl. It seemed best to bring the girl here and get the business done with quickly. And what business is the business? Ned put ice in Ned's voice. woman stepped forward. Ned know full well, Ned.This girl of yours attacked my son. This girl of yours's and This girl of yours's butcher's boy. her butcher's boy tried to tear my son's arm off. tried's not true, This girl of yours said loudly. This girl of yours just bit my son a little. my son was hurting my son. Joff told us what happened, my said. Her and her butcher's boy. beat my son with clubs while Her and her butcher's boy. set Her and her butcher's boy.'s on my son. That's not how it was, This girl of yours said, close to tears again. Ned put a hand on This girl of yours's shoulder.Yes it is! Prince Joffrey insisted. They all attacked Prince Joffrey, and she threw Lion's Tooth in the river! Ned noticed that Prince Joffrey did not so much as glance at she as Prince Joffrey spoke. Liar! she yelled. Shut up! Prince Joffrey yelled back. Enough! the king roared, rising from the king's seat, the king's voice thick with irritation.Silence fell. He glowered at Arya through He's thick beard. Now, Arya, Arya will tell He what happened. Tell it all, and tell it all true. It is a great crime to lie to a king. Then He looked over at He's son. When Arya is done, his son will have his son's turn. Until your turn, hold his son's tongue. As Arya began Arya's story, Ned heard the door open behind Ned. Ned glanced back and saw Vayon Poole enter with Sansa.They stood quietly at the back of the hall as Arya spoke. When Arya got to the part where Arya threw Joffrey's sword into the middle of the Trident, Renly Baratheon began to laugh. The king bristled. Ser Barristan, escort Joffrey's from the hall before Joffrey's chokes. Renly Baratheon stifled Renly Baratheon's laughter. Renly Baratheon's is too kind. Renly Baratheon can find the door Renly Baratheon. Renly Baratheon bowed to Joffrey's. Perchance later Joffrey's'll tell Renly Baratheon how Arya managed to disarm Joffrey's with a broom handle and throw Joffrey's sword in the river. As the door swung shut behind Renly Baratheon, Ned heard Renly Baratheon say, Lion's Tooth, and guffaw once more.Prince Joffrey was pale as Prince Joffrey began Prince Joffrey's very different version of events. When Prince Joffrey was done talking, Prince Joffrey rose heavily from Prince Joffrey's seat, looking like a man who wanted to be anywhere but here. What in all the seven hells am Prince Joffrey supposed to make of this? Prince Joffrey says one thing, she says another. They were not the only ones present, Ned said. she, come here. Ned had heard she's version of the story the night Arya had vanished. Ned knew the truth. Tell us what happened. Ned's stepped forward hesitantly.She was dressed in blue velvets trimmed with white, a silver chain around She's neck. She's thick auburn hair had been brushed until Her thick auburn hair shone. She blinked at She's sister, then at the young prince. She don't know, She said tearfully, looking as though She wanted to bolt. She don't remember. Everything happened so fast, She didn't see…  You rotten! her sister shrieked. her sister flew at her sister's like an arrow, knocking She down to the ground, pummeling She. Liar, liar, liar, liar. her sister, stop it!Ned shouted. Jory pulled Jory off Jory's sister, kicking. her sister was pale and shaking as Ned lifted her sister back to her sister's feet. Are her sister hurt? Ned asked, but her sister was staring at Arya, and her sister did not seem to hear. Arya is as wild as that filthy animal of Arya, Cersei Lannister said. Robert, Cersei Lannister want Arya punished. Seven hells, Robert swore. Cersei Lannister, look at Arya. Arya's a child.What would you have me do, whip her through the streets? Damn it, children fight. It's over. No lasting harm was done. The queen was furious. Joff will carry those scars for the rest of Joff's life. Robert Baratheon looked at Robert Baratheon's . So Joff will. Perhaps they will teach Joff a lesson. Ned, see that her is disciplined.I will do the same with I's son. Gladly, Your Grace, Ned said with vast relief. Robert started to walk away, but I was not done. And what of the direwolf? I called after Robert. What of the direwolfmy son? Robert stopped, turned back, frowned. Robert'd forgotten about the direwolf. Ned could see Arya tense in Jory's arms. Jory's spoke up quickly.We found no trace of the direwolf, Your Grace. Robert did not look unhappy. No? So be it. The queen raised The queen's voice. A hundred golden dragons to the man who brings The queen the direwolf's skin! A costly pelt, Robert grumbled. Robert want no part of this, The queen. The queen can damn well buy The queen's furs with Lannister gold. The queen regarded Robert coolly.I had not thought you so niggardly. The king I'd thought to wed would have laid a wolfskin across I's bed before the sun went down. you's face darkened with anger. laid would be a fine trick, without a wolf. We have a wolf, Cersei Lannister said. Cersei Lannister's voice was very quiet, but Cersei Lannister's green eyes shone with triumph. It took them all a moment to comprehend Cersei Lannister's words, but when them all did, you shrugged irritably. As Cersei Lannister will. Have Ser Ilyn see to it. you, you cannot mean this, Ned protested.The king was in no mood for more argument. Enough, Ned, The king will hear no more. A direwolf is a savage beast. Sooner or later A direwolf would have turned on Ned's girl the same way the other did on The king's son. Get your girl a dog, your girl'll be happier for a dog. That was when your girl finally seemed to comprehend. your girl's eyes were frightened as Her eyes went to your girl's . The king doesn't mean Lady, does The king? your girl saw the truth on The king's face. No, your girl said.No, not Lady, Lady didn't bite anybody, Lady's good…  Lady wasn't there, Arya shouted angrily. You leave Lady alone! Stop You, Sansa pleaded, don't let You do it, please, please, it wasn't Lady, it was Nymeria, Arya did it, You can't, it wasn't Lady, don't let You hurt Lady, Sansa'll make Lady be good, Sansa promise, Sansa promise… Lady started to cry. All Ned could do was take Lady in Ned's arms and hold Lady while Lady wept. Ned looked across the room at Robert. Ned's old friend, closer than any brother. Please, Robert. For the love Robert bear Ned. For the love Robert bore Ned's . Please.The king looked at them for a long moment, then turned The king's eyes on The king's wife. Damn his wife, his wife, The king said with loathing. Ned stood, gently disengaging Ned from The king's grasp. All the weariness of the past four days had returned to Ned. Do it Ned then, Ned, Ned said in a voice cold and sharp as steel. At least have the courage to do it Ned. Ned looked at Ned with flat, dead eyes and left without a word, Ned's footsteps heavy as lead. Silence filled the hall. Where is the direwolf? his wife asked when Ned was gone.Beside her, Prince Joffrey was smiling. The beast is chained up outside the gatehouse, Your Grace, Ser Barristan Selmy answered reluctantly. Send for Ilyn Payne. No, Ned said. Jory, take the girls back to the girls's rooms and bring Ned Ice. The words tasted of bile in Ned's throat, but Ned forced The words out. If it must be done, Ned will do it. Cersei Lannister regarded Ned suspiciously. Ned, Stark? Is this some trick?Why would you do such a thing? They were all staring at you, but it was Sansa's look that cut. She is of the north. She deserves better than a butcher. you left the room with you's eyes burning and She's wails echoing in you's ears, and found the direwolf pup where they chained She. you sat beside the direwolf pup where they chained her for a while. Lady, you said, tasting Lady. you had never paid much attention to the names the children had picked, but looking at the direwolf pup where they chained her now, you knew that Sansa's had chosen well. the direwolf pup where they chained her was the smallest of the litter, the prettiest, the most gentle and trusting. the direwolf pup where they chained her looked at you with bright golden eyes, and you ruffled the direwolf pup where they chained her thick grey fur.Shortly, Jory brought Jory Ice. When it was over, Jory said, Choose four men and have four men take the body north. Bury the body at Winterfell. All that way? Jory said, astonished. All that way, Jory affirmed. the body shall never have this skin. Jory was walking back to the tower to give Jory up to sleep at last when Sandor Clegane and Sandor Clegane's riders came pounding through the castle gate, back from Sandor Clegane and his riders's hunt. There was something slung over the back of Sandor Clegane's destrier, something slung over the back of his destrier. No sign of the body, Hand, Sandor Clegane rasped down, but the day was not wholly wasted.We got her little pet. He reached back and shoved the burden off, and the burden fell with a thump in front of Ned. Bending, Ned pulled back the cloak, dreading the words Ned would have to find for Arya, but it was not Nymeria after all. it was the butcher's boy, Mycah, the butcher's boy, Mycah, his body covered in dried blood's body covered in dried blood. the butcher's boy, Mycah, his body covered in dried blood had been cut almost in half from shoulder to waist by some terrible blow struck from above. He rode the butcher's boy, Mycah, his body covered in dried blood down, Ned said. He's eyes seemed to glitter through the steel of that hideous dog's-head helm. He ran. He looked at Ned's face and laughed. But not very fast.