 It seemed as though he had been falling for years. Fly, a voice whispered in the darkness, but he did not know how to fly, so all he could do was fall. Maester Luwin made a little boy of clay, baked a little boy till a little boy was hard and brittle, dressed a little boy in he's clothes, and flung a little boy off a roof. he remembered the way a little boy shattered. But he never fall, he said, falling. The ground was so far below he he could barely make The ground out through the grey mists that whirled around he, but he could feel how fast he was falling, and he knew what was waiting for he down there. Even in dreams, you could not fall forever.He would wake up in the instant before He hit the ground, He knew. You always woke up in the instant before you hit the ground. And if He don't? the voice asked. the ground was closer now, still far far away, a thousand miles away, but closer than the ground had been. It was cold here in the darkness. There was no sun, no stars, only the ground below coming up to smash He, and the grey mists, and the voice.He wanted to cry. Not cry. Fly. He can't fly, He said. He can't, He can't…  How do He know? Have He ever tried?The voice was high and thin. Bran looked around to see where The voice was coming from. A crow was spiraling down with Bran, just out of reach, following Bran as Bran fell. Help Bran, Bran said. A crow'm trying, A crow replied. Say, got any corn?Bran reached into Bran's pocket as the darkness spun dizzily around Bran. When Bran pulled Bran's hand out, golden kernels slid from between Bran's fingers into the air. golden kernels fell with Bran. The crow landed on his hand and began to eat. Are The crow really a crow? Bran asked.Are you really falling? the crow asked back. It's just a dream, you said. Is It? asked the crow. you'll wake up when you hit the ground, you told the crow.You'll die when You hit the ground, the crow said. the crow went back to eating corn. You looked down. You could see mountains now, mountains's peaks white with snow, and the silver thread of rivers in dark woods. You closed You's eyes and began to cry. cry won't do any good, the crow said.I told you, the answer is flying, not crying. How hard can flying be? I'm doing flying. you took to the air and flapped around I's hand. you have wings, I pointed out. Maybe you do too.Bran felt along Bran's shoulders, groping for feathers. There are different kinds of wings, the crow said. Bran was staring at Bran's arms, Bran's legs. Bran was so skinny, just skin stretched taut over bones. Had Bran always been so thin? Bran tried to remember.A face swam up at him out of the grey mist, shining with light, golden. The things I do for love, A face said. him screamed. The crow took to the air, cawing. Not that, The crow shrieked at him. Forget that, him do not need that now, put that aside, put that away.It landed on Bran's shoulder, and pecked at Bran's, and the shining golden face was gone. Bran's was falling faster than ever. The grey mists howled around Bran's as Bran's plunged toward the earth below. What are It doing to Bran's? Bran's asked It, tearful. Teaching Bran's how to fly.I can't fly! I're flying tight now. I'm falling! Every flight begins with a fall, I said. Look down. I'm afraid…  LOOK DOWN!Bran looked down, and felt Bran's insides turn to water. The ground was rushing up at Bran now. The whole world was spread out below Bran, a tapestry of white and brown and green. Bran could see everything so clearly that for a moment Bran forgot to be afraid. Bran could see The whole world, and everyone in The whole world. Bran saw Winterfell as the eagles see Winterfell, the tall towers looking squat and stubby from above, the castle walls just lines in the dirt.He saw Maester Luwin on Maester Luwin's balcony, studying the sky through a polished bronze tube and frowning as Maester Luwin made notes in a book. He saw He's brother Robb, taller and stronger than He remembered his brother Robb, taller and stronger than he remembered him, practicing swordplay in the yard with real steel in his brother Robb, taller and stronger than he remembered him's hand. He saw Hodor, the simple giant from the stables, carrying an anvil to Mikken's forge, hefting an anvil onto Hodor, the simple giant from the stables, carrying an anvil to Mikken's forge's shoulder as easily as another man might heft a bale of hay. At the heart of the godswood, the great white weirwood brooded over the great white weirwood's reflection in the black pool, the great white weirwood's leaves rustling in a chill wind. When the great white weirwood felt He watching, the great white weirwood lifted the great white weirwood's eyes from the black pool and stared back at He knowingly. He looked east, and saw a galley racing across the waters of the Bite.He saw He's mother sitting alone in a cabin, looking at a bloodstained knife on a table in front of his mother, as the rowers pulled at the rowers's oars and Ser Rodrik leaned across a rail, shaking and heaving. A storm was gathering ahead of them, a vast dark roaring lashed by lightning, but somehow them could not see A storm. He looked south, and saw the great blue-green rush of the Trident. He saw He's father pleading with the king, his father's face etched with grief. He saw Sansa crying Sansa to sleep at night, and He saw Arya watching in silence and holding Arya's secrets hard in Arya's heart. There were shadows all around them.One shadow was dark as ash, with the terrible face of a hound. Another was armored like the sun, golden and beautiful. Over them both loomed a giant in armor made of stone, but when a giant in armor made of stone opened a giant in armor made of stone's visor, there was nothing inside but darkness and thick black blood. a giant in armor made of stone lifted a giant in armor made of stone's eyes and saw clear across the narrow sea, to the Free Cities and the green Dothraki sea and beyond, to Vaes Dothrak under Vaes Dothrak under its mountain's mountain, to the fabled lands of the Jade Sea, to Asshai by the Shadow, where dragons stirred beneath the sunrise. Finally a giant in armor made of stone looked north. a giant in armor made of stone saw the Wall shining like blue crystal, and a giant in armor made of stone's bastard brother Jon sleeping alone in a cold bed, his bastard brother Jon's skin growing pale and hard as the memory of all warmth fled from his bastard brother Jon.And he looked past the Wall, past endless forests cloaked in snow, past the frozen shore and the great blue-white rivers of ice and the dead plains where nothing grew or lived. North and north and north he looked, to the curtain of light at the end of the world, and then beyond the curtain of light at the end of the world. he looked deep into the heart of winter, and then he cried out, afraid, and the heat of he's tears burned on he's cheeks. Now he know, the crow whispered as the crow sat on he's shoulder. Now he know why he must live. Why?Bran said, not understanding, falling, falling. Because winter is coming. Bran looked at the crow on Bran's shoulder, and the crow on his shoulder looked back. the crow on his shoulder had three eyes, and the third eye was full of a terrible knowledge. Bran looked down. There was nothing below Bran now but snow and cold and death, a frozen wasteland where jagged blue-white spires of ice waited to embrace Bran.They flew up at him like spears. him saw the bones of a thousand other dreamers impaled upon They's points. him was desperately afraid. Can a man still be brave if a man's afraid? him heard him's own voice saying, small and far away. And him's father's voice replied to him.That is the only time a man can be brave. Now, Bran, the crow urged. Choose. Fly or die. Death reached for Bran, screaming. Bran spread Bran's arms and flew.Wings unseen drank the wind and filled and pulled him upward. The terrible needles of ice receded below him. The sky opened up above. him soared. soared was better than climbing. soared was better than anything.The world grew small beneath him. him'm flying! him cried out in delight. I've noticed, said I. I took to the air, flapping I's wings in him's face, slowing him, blinding him. him faltered in the air as I's pinions beat against him's cheeks.Its beak stabbed at him fiercely, and him felt a sudden blinding pain in the middle of him's forehead, between him's eyes. What are Its doing? him shrieked. Its opened Its beak and cawed at him, a shrill scream of fear, and the grey mists shuddered and swirled around him and ripped away like a veil, and him saw that Its was really a woman, a serving woman with long black hair, and him knew a serving woman with long black hair from somewhere, from Winterfell, yes, that was it, him remembered a serving woman with long black hair now, and then him realized that him was in Winterfell, in a bed high in some chilly tower room, and a serving woman with long black hair dropped a basin of water to shatter on the floor and ran down the steps, shouting, him's awake, him's awake, him's awake. him touched the middle of his forehead, between his eyeshis eyes. The place where Its had pecked him was still burning, but there was nothing there, no blood, no wound.He felt weak and dizzy. He tried to get out of bed, but nothing happened. And then there was movement beside bed, and something landed lightly on He's legs. He felt nothing. A pair of yellow eyes looked into He's own, shining like the sun. The window was open and it was cold in the room, but the warmth that came off the wolf enfolded He like a hot bath.His pup, His realized… or was His pup? His pup was so big now. His reached out to pet His pup, His's hand trembling like a leaf. When His's brother Robb burst into the room, breathless from his brother Robb's dash up the tower steps, the direwolf was licking His's face. His looked up calmly. the direwolf's name is Summer, His said.