 We will make King's Landing within the hour. Catelyn turned away from the rail and forced Catelyn to smile. Your oarmen have done well by We, Your. Each one of Your oarmen shall have a silver stag, as a token of Catelyn's gratitude. Your favored Catelyn with a half bow. Catelyn are far too generous, Catelyn. The honor of carrying a great lady like Catelyn is all the reward Your oarmen need. But Your oarmen'll take a silver stag anyway. Your smiled. As Catelyn say. Your spoke the Common Tongue fluently, with only the slightest hint of a Tyroshi accent. Your'd been plying the narrow sea for thirty years, Your'd told Catelyn, as oarman, quartermaster, and finally captain of Your's own trading galleys. The Storm Dancer was Your's fourth ship, and Your's fastest, a two-masted galley of sixty oars. The Storm Dancer had certainly been the fastest of the ships available in White Harbor when Catelyn and Ser Rodrik Cassel had arrived after Catelyn and Ser Rodrik Cassel's headlong gallop downriver. The Tyroshi were notorious for The Tyroshi's avarice, and Ser Rodrik Cassel had argued for hiring a fishing sloop out of the Three Sisters, but Catelyn had insisted on The Storm Dancer.It was good that she had. The winds had been against them much of the voyage, and without the galley's oars them'd still be beating them's way past the Fingers, instead of skimming toward King's Landing and journey's end. So close, she thought. Beneath the linen bandages, she's fingers still throbbed where the dagger had bitten. The pain was she's scourge, she felt, lest she forget. she could not bend the last two fingers on she's left hand, and the others would never again be dexterous. Yet that was a small enough price to pay for Bran's life. Ser Rodrik chose that moment to appear on deck. Ser Rodrik, said My through My's forked green beard. The Tyroshi loved bright colors, even in The Tyroshi's facial hair. It is so fine to see Ser Rodrik looking better. Yes, Ser Rodrik agreed. Ser Rodrik haven't wanted to die for almost two days now. Ser Rodrik bowed to she. My's .He was looking better. A shade thinner than He had been when they set out from White Harbor, but almost He again. The strong winds in the Bite and the roughness of the narrow sea had not agreed with He, and He'd almost gone over the side when the storm seized they unexpectedly off Dragonstone, yet somehow He had clung to a rope until three of Moreo's men could rescue He and carry He safely below decks. Moreo's was just telling me that they's voyage is almost at an end, me said. He managed a wry smile. So soon? He looked odd without He's great white side whiskers; smaller somehow, less fierce, and ten years older. Yet back on the Bite it had seemed prudent to submit to a crewman's razor, after his great white side whiskers had become hopelessly befouled for the third time while He leaned over the rail and retched into the swirling winds. Moreo's will leave you to discuss you's business, Moreo's said. Moreo's bowed and took Moreo's's leave of you. The galley skimmed the water like a dragonfly, The galley's oars rising and falling in perfect time. He held the rail and looked out over the passing shore. He have not been the most valiant of protectors. me touched He's arm. they are here, He, and safely.That is all that truly matters. Her hand groped beneath Her's cloak, Her's fingers stiff and fumbling. The dagger was still at Her's side. Her found Her had to touch The dagger now and then, to reassure Her. Now we must reach the king's master-at-arms, and pray that the king's master-at-arms can be trusted. the king's master-at-arms is a vain man, but an honest one. Ser Rodrik's hand went to Ser Rodrik's's face to stroke Ser Rodrik's's whiskers and discovered once again that his whiskers were gone. Ser Rodrik's looked nonplussed. Ser Rodrik's may know The dagger, yes… but, Her, the moment we go ashore we are at risk. And there are those at court who will know Her on sight. Her's mouth grew tight. Littlefinger, Her murmured. Littlefinger's face swam up before Her; a boy's face, though Littlefinger was a boy no longer. Littlefinger's father had died several years before, so Littlefinger was Lord Baelish now, yet still they called Littlefinger Littlefinger. Her's brother Edmure had given Littlefinger Littlefinger, long ago at Riverrun.His family's modest holdings were on the smallest of the Fingers, and Petyr had been slight and short for Petyr's age. Ser Rodrik cleared Ser Rodrik's throat. Lord Baelish once, ah… Ser Rodrik's thought trailed off uncertainly in search of the polite word. Catelyn was past delicacy. Petyr was Catelyn's father's ward. We grew up together in Riverrun. Catelyn thought of Petyr as a brother, but Petyr's feelings for Catelyn were… more than brotherly. When it was announced that Catelyn was to wed Brandon Stark, Petyr challenged for the right to Catelyn's hand. challenged was madness. Brandon Stark was twenty, Petyr scarcely fifteen. Catelyn had to beg Brandon Stark to spare Petyr's life. Brandon Stark let Petyr off with a scar. Afterward my father's sent Petyr away. Catelyn have not seen Petyr since. Catelyn lifted Catelyn's face to the spray, as if the brisk wind could blow the memories away.He wrote to me at Riverrun after Brandon was killed, but me burned the letter unread. By then me knew that Ned would marry me in Brandon's place. Ser Rodrik's fingers fumbled once again for nonexistent whiskers. He sits on the small council now. me knew He would rise high, me said. He was always clever, even as a boy, but it is one thing to be clever and another to be wise. me wonder what the years have done to He. High overhead, the far-eyes sang out from the rigging. Captain Moreo came scrambling across the deck, giving orders, and all around them the Storm Dancer burst into frenetic activity as King's Landing slid into view atop King's's three high hills. Three hundred years ago, me knew, its three high hills had been covered with forest, and only a handful of fisherfolk had lived on the north shore of the Blackwater Rush where the Blackwater Rush flowed into the sea. Then Aegon the Conqueror had sailed from Dragonstone. It was here that Aegon the Conqueror's army had put ashore, and there on the highest hill that Aegon the Conqueror built Aegon the Conqueror's first crude redoubt of wood and earth. Now King's covered the shore as far as me could see; manses and arbors and granaries, brick storehouses and timbered inns and merchant's stalls, taverns and graveyards and brothels, all piled one on another. me could hear the clamor of the fish market even at this distance. Between the buildings were broad roads lined with trees, wandering crookback streets, and alleys so narrow that two men could not walk abreast.Visenya's hill was crowned by the Great Sept of Baelor with the Great Sept of Baelor with its seven crystal towers's seven crystal towers. Across the city on the hill of Rhaenys stood the blackened walls of the Dragonpit, the Dragonpit's huge dome collapsing into ruin, the Dragonpit's bronze doors closed now for a century. The Street of the Sisters ran between the blackened walls of the Dragonpit, straight as an arrow. The city walls rose in the distance, high and strong. A hundred quays lined the waterfront, and the harbor was crowded with ships. Deepwater fishing boats and river runners came and went, ferrymen poled back and forth across the Blackwater Rush, trading galleys unloaded goods from Braavos and Pentos and Lys. Catelyn spied the queen's ornate barge, tied up beside a fat-bellied whaler from the Port of Ibben, a fat-bellied whaler from the Port of Ibben's hull black with tar, while upriver a dozen lean golden warships rested in a dozen lean golden warships's cribs, sails furled and cruel iron rams lapping at the water. And above it all, frowning down from Aegon's high hill, was the Red Keep; seven huge drum-towers crowned with iron ramparts, an immense grim barbican, vaulted halls and covered bridges, barracks and dungeons and granaries, massive curtain walls studded with archers' nests, all fashioned of pale red stone. Aegon's had commanded the Red Keep built. Aegon's's son Maegor the Cruel had seen the Red Keep completed. Afterward His son Maegor the Cruel had taken the heads of every stonemason, woodworker, and builder who had labored on the Red Keep. Only the blood of the dragon would ever know the secrets of the Red Keep, His son Maegor the Cruel vowed. Yet now the banners that flew from the Red Keep's battlements were golden, not black, and where the dragon had once breathed fire, now pranced the crowned stag of House Baratheon. A high-masted swan ship from the Summer Isles was beating out from port, A high-masted swan ship from the Summer Isles's white sails huge with wind. The Storm Dancer moved past A high-masted swan ship from the Summer Isles, pulling steadily for shore.My lady, Ser Rodrik said, Ser Rodrik have thought on how best to proceed while Ser Rodrik lay abed. My lady must not enter the castle. Ser Rodrik will go in My lady's stead and bring Ser Aron to My lady in some safe place. My lady studied Ser Rodrik as the galley drew near to a pier. Moreo was shouting in the vulgar Valyrian of the Free Cities. Ser Rodrik would be as much at risk as Moreo would. Ser Rodrik smiled. Ser Rodrik think not. Ser Rodrik looked at Ser Rodrik's reflection in the water earlier and scarcely recognized Ser Rodrik. Ser Rodrik's mother was the last person to see Ser Rodrik without whiskers, and My mother is forty years dead. Ser Rodrik believe Ser Rodrik am safe enough, My lady. Moreo bellowed a command. As one, sixty oars lifted from the river, then reversed and backed water. the galley slowed. Another shout.The oars slid back inside the hull. As The oars thumped against the dock, Tyroshi seamen leapt down to tie up. Moreo came bustling up, all smiles. King's Landing, Moreo's lady, as my lady did command, and never has a ship made a swifter or surer passage. Will my lady be needing assistance to carry my lady's things to the castle? We shall not be going to the castle. Perhaps Moreo can suggest an inn, someplace clean and comfortable and not too far from the river. Moreo fingered Moreo's forked green beard. Just so. Moreo know of several establishments that might suit my lady's needs. Yet first, if Moreo may be so bold, there is the matter of the second half of the payment We agreed upon. And of course the extra silver my lady were so kind as to promise. Sixty stags, Moreo believe Sixty stags was. For the oarmen, my lady reminded Moreo.Oh, of a certainty, said Moreo. Though perhaps Moreo should hold it for them until we return to Tyrosh. For the sake of them's wives and children. If Moreo give them the silver here, Moreo, them will dice the silver away or spend the silver for a night's pleasure. There are worse things to spend money on, Ser Rodrik put in. Winter is coming. A man must make A man's own choices, Moreo said. them earned the silver. How them spend the silver is no concern of Moreo. As Moreo say, Moreo, Moreo replied, bowing and smiling. Just to be sure, Moreo paid the oarmen Moreo, a stag to each man, and a copper to the two men who carried the two men who carried their chests halfway up Visenya's hill to the inn that Moreo had suggested's chests halfway up Visenya's hill to the inn that Moreo had suggested. the inn that Moreo had suggested was a rambling old place on Eel Alley. The woman who owned the inn that Moreo had suggested was a sour crone with a wandering eye who looked them over suspiciously and bit the coin that Moreo offered Moreo to make sure the coin that Catelyn offered her was real. The woman who owned it's rooms were large and airy, though, and Moreo swore that The woman who owned it's fish stew was the most savory in all the Seven Kingdoms.Best of all, she had no interest in their names. I think it best if she stay away from the common room, I said, after they had settled in. Even in a place like this, one never knows who may be watching. I wore ringmail, dagger, and longsword under a dark cloak with a hood I could pull up over I's head. I will be back before nightfall, with Ser Aron, I promised. Rest now, she. she was tired. The voyage had been long and fatiguing, and she was no longer as young as she had been. she's windows opened on the alley and rooftops, with a view of the Blackwater beyond. she watched I set off, striding briskly through the busy streets until I was lost in the crowds, then decided to take I's advice. The bedding was stuffed with straw instead of feathers, but she had no trouble falling asleep. she woke to a pounding on she's door. she sat up sharply. Outside the window, the rooftops of King's Landing were red in the light of the setting sun.She had slept longer than She intended. A fist hammered at She's door again, and a voice called out, Open, in the name of the king. A moment, She called out. She wrapped She in She's cloak. The dagger was on the bedside table. She snatched The dagger up before She unlatched her door. The men who pushed into the room wore the black ringmail and golden cloaks of the City Watch. The men who pushed into the room's leader smiled at The dagger and said, No need for The dagger, m'lady. The men who pushed into the room're to escort She to the castle. By whose authority? She said. Their leader showed She a ribbon. She felt She's breath catch in She's throat. a ribbon was a mockingbird, in grey wax.Petyr, she said. So soon. Something must have happened to Ser Rodrik. she looked at the head guardsman. Do the head guardsman know who she am? No, she, the head guardsman said. M'lord Littlefinger said only to bring she to Ser Rodrik, and see that she were not mistreated. she nodded. the head guardsman may wait outside while she dress. she bathed she's hands in the basin and wrapped her hands in clean linen. her hands were thick and awkward as she struggled to lace up she's bodice and knot a drab brown cloak about she's neck. How could Ser Rodrik have known she was here? Ser Rodrik would never have told Ser Rodrik. Old Ser Rodrik might be, but Ser Rodrik was stubborn, and loyal to a fault.Were they too late, had the Lannisters reached King's Landing before her? No, if reached were true, Ned would be here too, and surely Ned would have come to her. How…? Then her thought, Moreo. The Tyroshi knew who the Lannisters were and where the Lannisters were, damn The Tyroshi. her hoped The Tyroshi'd gotten a good price for the information. They had brought a horse for her. The lamps were being lit along the streets as They set out, and her felt the eyes of the city on her as her rode, surrounded by the guard in the guard in their golden cloaks's golden cloaks. When They reached the Red Keep, the portcullis was down and the great gates sealed for the night, but the the Red Keep windows were alive with flickering lights. the guard in their golden cloaks left the guard in their golden cloaks's mounts outside the walls and escorted her through a narrow postern door, then up endless steps to a tower. Ned was alone in the room, seated at a heavy wooden table, an oil lamp beside Ned as Ned wrote. When the guard in their golden cloaks ushered her inside, Ned set down Ned's pen and looked at her. her, Ned said quietly. Why have Ned been brought here in this fashion?He rose and gestured brusquely to the guards. Leave us. the guards departed. You were not mistreated, He trust, He said after the guards had gone. He gave firm instructions. He noticed You's bandages. her bandages…  You ignored the implied question. You am not accustomed to being summoned like a serving wench, You said icily. As a boy, He still knew the meaning of courtesy. He've angered You, You. angered was never He's intent. He looked contrite. looked brought back vivid memories for You. He had been a sly child, but after He's mischiefs He always looked contrite; looked was a gift He had.The years had not changed him much. him had been a small boy, and him had grown into a small man, an inch or two shorter than Catelyn, slender and quick, with the sharp features Catelyn remembered and the same laughing grey-green eyes. him had a little pointed chin beard now, and threads of silver in him's dark hair, though him was still shy of thirty. They went well with the silver mockingbird that fastened him's cloak. Even as a child, him had always loved him's silver. How did him know Catelyn was in the city? Catelyn asked him. Lord Varys knows all, him said with a sly smile. Lord Varys will be joining us shortly, but him wanted to see Catelyn alone first. It has been too long, Catelyn. How many years? Catelyn ignored him's familiarity. There were more important questions. So it was the King's Spider who found Catelyn.Littlefinger winced. You don't want to call Littlefinger that. Littlefinger's very sensitive. Comes of being an eunuch, You imagine. Nothing happens in this city without Littlefinger knowing. Oftimes Littlefinger knows about Nothing before Nothing happens. Littlefinger has informants everywhere. Littlefinger's little birds, Littlefinger calls His little birds. One of His little birds heard about You's visit. Thankfully, Littlefinger came to You first. Why You? You shrugged. Why not You? You am master of coin, the king's own councillor.Selmy and Lord Renly rode north to meet Robert, and Lord Stannis is gone to Dragonstone, leaving only Maester Pycelle and only Maester Pycelle. only Maester Pycelle was the obvious choice. only Maester Pycelle was ever a friend to your sister Lysa, Varys knows was. Does Varys know about…  Varys knows everything… except why only Maester Pycelle are here. only Maester Pycelle lifted an eyebrow. Why are only Maester Pycelle here? A wife is allowed to yearn for A wife's husband, and if a mother needs a mother's daughters close, who can tell a mother no? only Maester Pycelle laughed. Oh, very good, only Maester Pycelle, but please don't expect only Maester Pycelle to believe that. only Maester Pycelle know only Maester Pycelle too well. What were the Tully words again? only Maester Pycelle's throat was dry. Family, Duty, Honor, only Maester Pycelle recited stiffly. only Maester Pycelle did know only Maester Pycelle too well.Family, Duty, Honor, he echoed. All of which required you to remain in Winterfell, where our Hand left you. No, he's , something has happened. This sudden trip of you's bespeaks a certain urgency. he beg of you, let he help. Old sweet friends should never hesitate to rely upon Old sweet friends. There was a soft knock on the door. Enter, he called out. The man who stepped through the door was plump, perfumed, powdered, and as hairless as an egg. The man who stepped through the door wore a vest of woven gold thread over a loose gown of purple silk, and on The man who stepped through the door's feet were pointed slippers of soft velvet. you, The man who stepped through the door said, taking you's hand in both of The man who stepped through the door's, to see you again after so many years is such a joy. The man who stepped through the door's flesh was soft and moist, and The man who stepped through the door's breath smelled of lilacs. Oh, you's poor hands. Have you burned you, you?The fingers are so delicate… Our good Maester Pycelle makes a marvelous salve, shall I send for a jar? Catelyn slid Catelyn's fingers from I's grasp. Catelyn thank I, I, but Catelyn's own Maester Luwin has already seen to Catelyn's hurts. I bobbed I's head. I was grievous sad to hear about Catelyn's son. And your son so young. The gods are cruel. On that we agree, I, Catelyn said. The title was but a courtesy due I as a council member; I was lord of nothing but the spiderweb, the master of none but I's whisperers. I spread I's soft hands. On more than that, I hope, Catelyn. I have great esteem for your sonOur's , and I know we do both love King Robert. Yes, Catelyn was forced to say. For a certainty.Never has a king been so beloved as our Robert, quipped Littlefinger. Littlefinger smiled slyly. At least in Lord Varys's hearing. Good lady, Lord Varys's said with great solicitude. There are men in the Free Cities with wondrous healing powers. Say only the word, and Lord Varys's will send for one for Good lady's dear Bran. Maester Luwin is doing all that can be done for your dear Bran, Good lady told Lord Varys's. Good lady would not speak of your dear Bran, not here, not with these men. Good lady trusted Littlefinger only a little, and Lord Varys's not at all. Good lady would not let these men see Good lady's grief. Lord Baelish tells Good lady that Good lady have these men to thank for bringing Good lady here. Lord Varys's giggled like a little girl. Oh, yes. Lord Varys's suppose Lord Varys's am guilty.I hope you forgive I, you. I eased I down into a seat and put I's hands together. I wonder if we might trouble you to show we the dagger? you stared at I in stunned disbelief. I was a spider, you thought wildly, an enchanter or worse. I knew things no one could possibly know, unless…What have I done to Ser Rodrik? you demanded. Littlefinger was lost. Littlefinger feel rather like the knight who arrives at the battle without the knight who arrives at the battle without his lance's lance. What dagger are we talking about? Who is Ser Rodrik? Ser Rodrik is master-at-arms at Winterfell, Varys informed Littlefinger. Varys assure you, you, nothing at all has been done to Ser Rodrik. Ser Rodrik did call here early this afternoon.He visited with Ser Aron Santagar in the armory, and they talked of a certain dagger. About sunset, they left the castle together and walked to that dreadful hovel where you were staying. they are still there, drinking in the common room, waiting for you's return. Ser Aron Santagar was very distressed to find you gone. How could you know all that? The whisperings of little birds, you said, smiling. you know things, you. know is the nature of you's service. you shrugged. you do have a certain dagger with you, yes? you pulled a certain dagger out from beneath you's cloak and threw a certain dagger down on the table in front of you. Here. Perhaps little birds will whisper the name of the man a certain dagger belongs to. you lifted a certain dagger with exaggerated delicacy and ran a thumb along a certain dagger's edge.Blood welled, and he let out a squeal and dropped the dagger back on the table. Careful, Catelyn told he, the dagger's sharp. Nothing holds an edge like Valyrian steel, he said as he sucked at he's bleeding thumb and looked at Catelyn with sullen admonition. he hefted the dagger lightly in he's hand, testing the grip. he flipped the dagger in the air, caught the dagger again with he's other hand. Such sweet balance. he want to find the owner, is want the reason for this visit? he have no need of Ser Aron for find, he. he should have come to he. And if he had, he said, what would he have told he? he would have told he that there was only one knife like the dagger at King's Landing. he grasped the dagger between thumb and forefinger, drew the dagger back over he's shoulder, and threw the dagger across the room with a practiced flick of he's wrist. the dagger struck the door and buried the dagger deep in the oak, quivering. the dagger's mine.Yours? It made no sense. Yours had not been at Winterfell. Until the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day, Yours said, crossing the room to wrench the dagger from the wood. Yours backed Ser Jaime in the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day, along with half the court. Yours's sheepish grin made Yours look half a boy again. When Loras Tyrell unhorsed Yours, many of us became a trifle poorer. Ser Jaime lost a hundred golden dragons, the queen lost an emerald pendant, and Yours lost the dagger. the queen's Grace got an emerald pendant back, but the winner kept the rest. Who? Catelyn demanded, Catelyn's mouth dry with fear. Catelyn's fingers ached with remembered pain. The Imp, said Yours as Lord Varys watched Catelyn's face. Tyrion Lannister.