 The courtyard rang to the song of swords. Under black wool, boiled leather, and mail, sweat trickled icily down Jon's chest as Jon's pressed the attack. Grenn stumbled backward, defending Grenn clumsily. When Grenn raised Grenn's sword, Jon's went underneath his sword with a sweeping blow that crunched against the back of Grenn's leg and sent Grenn staggering. Grenn's downcut was answered by an overhand that dented Grenn's helm. When Grenn tried a sideswing, Jon's swept aside Jon's's blade and slammed a mailed forearm into Grenn's chest. Grenn lost Grenn's footing and sat down hard in the snow. Jon's knocked his blade from Jon's's fingers with a slash to Jon's's wrist that brought a cry of pain. Enough! Ser Alliser Thorne had a voice with an edge like Valyrian steel. Grenn cradled his wrist. Jon's broke his wrist. Jon's hamstrung Grenn, opened Grenn's empty skull, and cut off his wrist. Or would have, if these blades had an edge. It's fortunate for Grenn that the Watch needs stableboys as well as rangers. Ser Alliser Thorne gestured at Jeren and Toad. Get the Aurochs on the Aurochs's feet, the Aurochs has funeral arrangements to make. Jon's took off his helm as the other boys were pulling Grenn to Grenn's feet. The frosty morning air felt good on Grenn's face.He leaned on He's sword, drew a deep breath, and allowed He a moment to savor the victory. his sword is a longsword, not an old man's cane, Ser Alliser said sharply. Are He's legs hurting, He? He hated that name, a mockery that Ser Alliser had hung on He the first day He came to practice. The boys had picked that name, a mockery that Ser Alliser had hung on him the first day he came to practice up, and now He heard that name, a mockery that Ser Alliser had hung on him the first day he came to practice everywhere. He slid his sword back into his sword's scabbard. No, He replied. Thorne strode toward He, crisp black leathers whispering faintly as Thorne moved. Thorne was a compact man of fifty years, spare and hard, with grey in Thorne's black hair and eyes like chips of onyx. The truth now, Thorne commanded. He'm tired, He admitted. He's arm burned from the weight of his sword, and He was starting to feel He's bruises now that the fight was done. What He are is weak. He won. No. The Aurochs lost. One of the other boys sniggered. He knew better than to reply. He had beaten everyone that Ser Alliser had sent against He, yet beaten gained He nothing.The master-at-arms served up only derision. The master-at-arms hated The master-at-arms, The master-at-arms had decided; of course, The master-at-arms hated the other boys even worse. That will be all, The master-at-arms told the other boys. The master-at-arms can only stomach so much ineptitude in any one day. If the Others ever come for us, The master-at-arms pray the Others have archers, because the other boys are fit for nothing more than arrow fodder. The master-at-arms followed the rest back to the armory, walking alone. The master-at-arms often walked alone here. There were almost twenty in the group The master-at-arms trained with, yet not one The master-at-arms could call a friend. Most were two or three years The master-at-arms's senior, yet not one was half the fighter Robb had been at fourteen. Dareon was quick but afraid of being hit. Pyp used Pyp's sword like a dagger, Jeren was weak as a girl, Grenn slow and clumsy. Halder's blows were brutally hard but Halder's ran right into your attacks. The more time The master-at-arms spent with them, the more The master-at-arms despised them. Inside, The master-at-arms hung sword and scabbard from a hook in the stone wall, ignoring the others around The master-at-arms. Methodically, The master-at-arms began to strip off The master-at-arms's mail, leather, and sweat-soaked woolens. Chunks of coal burned in iron braziers at either end of the long room, but The master-at-arms found The master-at-arms shivering. The chill was always with The master-at-arms here. In a few years The master-at-arms would forget what it felt like to be warm. The weariness came on The master-at-arms suddenly, as The master-at-arms donned the roughspun blacks that were their everyday wear.He sat on a bench, He's fingers fumbling with the fastenings on He's cloak. So cold, He thought, remembering the warm halls of Winterfell, where the hot waters ran through the walls like blood through a man's body. There was scant warmth to be found in Castle Black; the walls were cold here, and the people colder. No one had told He the Night's Watch would be like this; no one except Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister had given He the truth on the road north, but by then it had been too late. He wondered if He's father had known what the walls would be like. his father must have, He thought; known only made it hurt the worse. Even He's uncle had abandoned He in this cold place at the end of the world. Up here, Even his uncle became a different person. Even his uncle was First Ranger, and Even his uncle spent Even his uncle's days and nights with Lord Commander Mormont and Maester Aemon and the other high officers, while He was given over to the less than tender charge of Ser Alliser Thorne. Three days after their arrival, He had heard that Even his uncle was to lead a half-dozen men on a ranging into the haunted forest. That night He sought out Even his uncle in the great timbered common hall and pleaded to go with Even his uncle. Even his uncle refused He curtly. this cold place at the end of the world is not Winterfell, Even his uncle told He as Even his uncle cut Even his uncle's meat with fork and dagger. On the walls, a man gets only what a man earns. He're no ranger, He, only a green boy with the smell of summer still on He. Stupidly, He argued. He'll be fifteen on He's name day, He said.Almost a man grown. Benjen Stark frowned. A boy you are, and a boy you'll remain until Ser Alliser says you are fit to be a man of the Night's Watch. If you thought you's Stark blood would win you easy favors, you were wrong. We put aside We's old families when We swear We's vows. you's father will always have a place in Benjen Stark's heart, but these are Benjen Stark's brothers now. Benjen Stark gestured with Benjen Stark's dagger at the men around them, all the hard cold men in black. you rose at dawn the next day to watch Benjen Stark leave. One of Benjen Stark's rangers, a big ugly man, sang a bawdy song as One of his rangers, a big ugly man, saddled One of his rangers, a big ugly man,'s garron, One of his rangers, a big ugly man,'s breath steaming in the cold morning air. Benjen Stark smiled at sang, but Benjen Stark had no smile for Benjen Stark's . How often must Benjen Stark tell you no, you? We'll speak when Benjen Stark return. As you watched Benjen Stark lead his garron into the tunnel, you had remembered the things that Tyrion Lannister told you on the kingsroad, and in you's mind's eye you saw Benjen Stark lying dead, Benjen Stark's blood red on the snow. The thought made you sick. What was you becoming? Afterward you sought out Ghost in the loneliness of you's cell, and buried you's face in Ghost's thick white fur. If you must be alone, you would make solitude you's armor. Castle Black had no godswood, only a small sept and a drunken septon, but you could not find it in you to pray to any gods, old or new.If they were real, he thought, they were as cruel and implacable as winter. he missed he's true brothers: little Rickon, bright eyes shining as little Rickon, bright eyes shining as he begged for a sweet begged for a sweet; Robb, he's rival and best friend and constant companion; Bran, stubborn and curious, always wanting to follow and join in whatever he and Robb, his rival and best friend and constant companion were doing. he missed the girls too, even Sansa, who never called he anything but my half brother since she was old enough to understand what bastard meant. And Arya… he missed Arya even more than Robb, his rival and best friend and constant companion, skinny little thing that Arya was, all scraped knees and tangled hair and torn clothes, so fierce and willful. Arya never seemed to fit, no more than he had… yet Arya could always make he smile. he would give anything to be with Arya now, to muss up Arya's hair once more and watch Arya make a face, to hear Arya's finish a sentence with he. he broke my wrist, he. he lifted he's eyes at the sullen voice. my loomed over he, thick of neck and red of face, with three of my's friends behind my. he knew Todder, a short ugly boy with an unpleasant voice. The recruits all called Todder, a short ugly boy with an unpleasant voice Toad. three of his friends were the ones Yoren had brought north with them, he remembered, rapers taken down in the Fingers. he'd forgotten three of his friends's names. he hardly ever spoke to three of his friends, if he could help spoke. three of his friends were brutes and bullies, without a thimble of honor between three of his friends. he stood up. he'll break the other one for my if my ask nicely. my was sixteen and a head taller than he.All four of them were bigger than he was, but All four of them did not scare he. he'd beaten every one of All four of them in the yard. Maybe All four of them'll break he, one of All four of them said. Try. he reached back for he's sword, but one of All four of them grabbed he's arm and twisted his arm behind he's back. he make All four of them look bad, complained Toad. All four of them looked bad before he ever met All four of them, he told Toad. one of them jerked upward on he, hard. Pain lanced through he, but he would not cry out. Toad stepped close. he has a mouth on he, Toad said. Toad had pig eyes, small and shiny. Is that he's mommy's mouth, he? What was your mommy's, some whore? Tell All four of them your mommy's's name. Maybe Toad had your mommy's a time or two. Toad laughed. he twisted like an eel and slammed a heel down across the instep of Toad.There was a sudden cry of pain, and he was free. he flew at Toad, knocked Toad backward over a bench, and landed on Toad's chest with both hands on Toad's throat, slamming Toad's head against the packed earth. The two from the Fingers pulled Toad off, throwing Toad roughly to the ground. Grenn began to kick at Toad. he was rolling away from the blows when a booming voice cut through the gloom of the armory. STOP THIS! NOW! he pulled he to he's feet. Donal Noye stood glowering at them. The yard is for fighting, Donal Noye said. Keep your quarrels out of the armory, or Donal Noye'll make your quarrels Donal Noye's quarrels. your won't like make. Toad sat on the floor, gingerly feeling the back of his head. Toad's fingers came away bloody. he tried to kill Toad. 'S true. Donal Noye saw tried, one of the rapers put in. he broke he's wrist, he said again, holding my wrist out to Donal Noye for inspection.The armorer gave the offered wrist the briefest of glances. A bruise. Perhaps a sprain. Maester Aemon will give The armorer a salve. Go with Maester Aemon, Todder, that head wants looking after. The rest of you, return to The rest of you's cells. Not you, you. you stay. Jon sat heavily on the long wooden bench as The rest of you left, oblivious to the looks The rest of you gave Jon, the silent promises of future retribution. Jon's arm was throbbing. The Watch has need of every man The Watch can get, Donal Noye said when they were alone. Even men like Toad. You won't win any honors killing Toad. Jon's anger flared. Jon said Jon's mother was—  —a whore. I heard Toad. What of it? Lord Eddard Stark was not a man to sleep with whores, Jon said icily.His honor—  —did not prevent His from fathering a bastard. Did it? Jon was cold with rage. Can Jon go? Jon go when I tell Jon to go. Jon stared sullenly at the smoke rising from the brazier, until I took Jon under the chin, thick fingers twisting Jon's head around. Look at I when I'm talking to Jon, Jon. Jon looked. I had a chest like a keg of ale and a gut to match. I's nose was flat and broad, and I always seemed in need of a shave. The left sleeve of I's black wool tunic was fastened at the shoulder with a silver pin in the shape of a longsword. Words won't make Jon's mother a whore. your mother was what your mother was, and nothing Toad says can change was. Jon know, we have men on the Wall whose mothers were whores. Not your mother, Jon thought stubbornly. Jon knew nothing of your mother; Eddard Stark would not talk of your mother. Yet Jon dreamed of your mother at times, so often that Jon could almost see your mother's face. In Jon's dreams, your mother was beautiful, and highborn, and your mother's eyes were kind.You think You had it hard, being a high lord's bastard? the armorer went on. That boy Jeren is a septon's get, and Cotter Pyke is the baseborn son of a tavern wench. Now Cotter Pyke commands Eastwatch by the Sea. You don't care, You said. You don't care about them and You don't care about the armorer or Thorne or Benjen Stark or any of it. You hate it here. It's too… it's cold. Yes. Cold and hard and mean, that's the Wall, and the men who walk the Wall. Not like the stories You's wet nurse told You. Well, piss on the stories your wet nurse told you and piss on your wet nurse. This is the way it is, and You're here for life, same as the rest of us. Life, You repeated bitterly. the armorer could talk about life. the armorer'd had one. the armorer'd only taken the black after the armorer'd lost an arm at the siege of Storm's End. Before lost the armorer'd smithed for Stannis Baratheon, the king's brother.He'd seen the Seven Kingdoms from one end to the other; He'd feasted and wenched and fought in a hundred battles. They said it was He who'd forged King Robert's warhammer, the one that crushed the life from Rhaegar Targaryen on the Trident. He'd done all the things that Jon would never do, and then when He was old, well past thirty, He'd taken a glancing blow from an axe and the wound had festered until the whole arm had to come off. Only then, crippled, had He come to the Wall, when He's life was all but over. Yes, life, He said. A long life or a short one, it's up to Jon, Jon. The road Jon're walking, one of Jon's brothers will slit Jon's throat for Jon one night. your brothers're not Jon's brothers, Jon snapped. your brothers hate Jon because Jon'm better than your brothers are. No. your brothers hate Jon because Jon act like Jon're better than your brothers are. your brothers look at Jon and see a castle-bred bastard who thinks a castle-bred bastard who thinks he's a lordling's a lordling. He leaned close. Jon're no lordling. Remember 're. Jon're a Snow, not a Stark. Jon're a bastard and a bully. A bully?Jon almost choked on the word. The accusation was so unjust The accusation took Jon's breath away. They were the ones who came after Jon. They. Four that Jon've humiliated in the yard. Four who are probably afraid of Jon. I've watched Jon fight. It's not training with Jon. Put a good edge on Jon's sword, and They'd be dead meat; Jon know it, I know it, They know it. Jon leave They nothing. Jon shame They. Does shame make Jon proud? Jon hesitated. Jon did feel proud when Jon won. Why shouldn't Jon? But I was taking that away too, making it sound as if Jon were doing something wrong. They're all older than Jon, Jon said defensively. Older and bigger and stronger, that's the truth.I'll wager your master-at-arms taught your how to fight bigger men at Winterfell, though. Who was your master-at-arms, some old knight? your master-at-arms, your said warily. There was a trap here. your felt a trap closing around your. Donal Noye leaned forward, into your's face. Now think on this, your. None of these others have ever had a master-at-arms until Ser Alliser. these others's fathers were farmers and wagonmen and poachers, smiths and miners and oars on a trading galley. What these others know of fighting these others learned between decks, in the alleys of Oldtown and Lannisport, in wayside brothels and taverns on the kingsroad. these others may have clacked a few sticks together before these others came here, but Donal Noye promise your, not one in twenty was ever rich enough to own a real sword. Donal Noye's look was grim. So how do your like the taste of your's victories now, your? Don't call your that! your said sharply, but the force had gone out of your's anger. Suddenly your felt ashamed and guilty. your never… your didn't think…  Best your start thinking, Donal Noye warned your. That, or sleep with a dagger by your's bed.Now go. By the time Jon left the armory, it was almost midday. The sun had broken through the clouds. Jon turned Jon's back on The sun and lifted Jon's eyes to the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight. Even after all these weeks, the sight of the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight still gave Jon the shivers. Centuries of windblown dirt had pocked and scoured the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight, covering the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight like a film, and the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight often seemed a pale grey, the color of an overcast sky… but when The sun caught the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight fair on a bright day, the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight shone, alive with light, the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight. The largest structure ever built by the hands of man, Benjen Stark had told Jon on the kingsroad when they had first caught sight of the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight. And beyond a doubt the most useless, Tyrion Lannister had added with a grin, but Tyrion Lannister grew silent as they rode closer. You could see the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight from miles off, a pale blue line across the northern horizon, stretching away to the east and west and vanishing in the far distance, immense and unbroken. the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight is the end of the world, the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight seemed to say. When they finally spied Castle Black, Castle Black's timbered keeps and stone towers looked like nothing more than a handful of toy blocks scattered on the snow, beneath the vast wall of ice. Castle Black was no Winterfell, no true castle at all. Lacking walls, Castle Black could not be defended, not from the south, or east, or west; but it was only the north that concerned the Night's Watch, and to only the north loomed the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight. Almost seven hundred feet high the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight stood, three times the height of the tallest tower in Castle Black. Benjen Stark said the top was wide enough for a dozen armored knights to ride abreast. The gaunt outlines of huge catapults and monstrous wooden cranes stood sentry up there, like the skeletons of great birds, and among The gaunt outlines of huge catapults and monstrous wooden cranes walked men in black as small as ants. As Jon stood outside the armory looking up, Jon felt almost as overwhelmed as Jon had that day on the kingsroad, when Jon'd seen the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight for the first time. the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight was like that.Sometimes he could almost forget that it was there, the way you forgot about the sky or the earth underfoot, but there were other times when it seemed as if there was nothing else in the world. the world was older than the Seven Kingdoms, and when he stood beneath the world and looked up, it made he dizzy. he could feel the great weight of all that ice pressing down on he, as if all that ice were about to topple, and somehow he knew that if all that ice fell, the world fell with all that ice. Makes he wonder what lies beyond, a familiar voice said. he looked around. Lannister. he didn't see—he mean, he thought he was alone. Lannister. was bundled in furs so thickly Lannister. looked like a very small bear. There's much to be said for taking people unawares. You never know what you might learn. Lannister. won't learn anything from he, he told Lannister.. he had seen little of Lannister. since their journey ended. As the queen's own brother, Lannister. had been an honored guest of the Night's Watch. The Lord Commander had given Lannister. rooms in the King's Tower—so-called, though no king had visited the King's Tower—so-called, though no king had visited it for a hundred years for a hundred years—and Lannister. dined at The Lord Commander's own table and spent Lannister.'s days riding the world and Lannister.'s nights dicing and drinking with Ser Alliser and Bowen Marsh and the other high officers. Oh, Lannister. learn things everywhere Lannister. go. Lannister. gestured up at the world with a gnarled black walking stick. As Lannister. was saying… why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side? Lannister. cocked Lannister.'s head and looked at he with Lannister.'s curious mismatched eyes.You do want to know what's on the other side, don't You? It's nothing special, You said. You wanted to ride with Benjen Stark on Benjen Stark's rangings, deep into the mysteries of the haunted forest, wanted to fight Mance Rayder's wildlings and ward the realm against the Others, but it was better not to speak of the things you wanted. The rangers say it's just woods and mountains and frozen lakes, with lots of snow and ice. And the grumkins and the snarks, Tyrion said. Let us not forget the grumkins and the snarks, You, or else what's that big thing for? Don't call You You. The dwarf lifted an eyebrow. Would You rather be called the Imp? Let them see that them's words can cut You, and You'll never be free of the mockery. If them want to give You a name, take a name, make a name You's own. Then them can't hurt You with a name anymore. The dwarf gestured with The dwarf's stick. Come, walk with The dwarf. They'll be serving some vile stew in the common hall by now, and The dwarf could do with a bowl of something hot. You was hungry too, so You fell in beside The dwarf and slowed You's pace to match The dwarf's awkward, waddling steps. The wind was rising, and they could hear the old wooden buildings creaking around they, and in the distance a heavy shutter banging, over and over, forgotten. Once there was a muffled thump as a blanket of snow slid from a roof and landed near they.I don't see your wolf, I said as they walked. I chain your wolf up in the old stables when they're training. They board all the horses in the east stables now, so no one bothers your wolf. The rest of the time your wolf stays with I. I's sleeping cell is in Hardin's Tower. Hardin's Tower's the one with the broken battlement, no? Shattered stone in the yard below, and a lean to Hardin's Tower like our noble king Robert after a long night's drinking? I thought all those buildings had been abandoned. your shrugged. No one cares where you sleep. Most of the old keeps are empty, you can pick any cell you want. Once Castle Black had housed five thousand fighting men with all five thousand fighting men with all their horses and servants and weapons's horses and servants and weapons. Now Castle Black was home to a tenth that number, and parts of Castle Black were falling into ruin. I's laughter steamed in the cold air. I'll be sure to tell your's father to arrest more stonemasons, before your's collapses. your could taste the mockery there, but there was no denying the truth. The Watch had built nineteen great strongholds along the Wall, but only three were still occupied: Eastwatch on Eastwatch on its grey windswept shore's grey windswept shore, the Shadow Tower hard by the mountains where the Wall ended, and Castle Black between only three, at the end of the kingsroad. The other keeps, long deserted, were lonely, haunted places, where cold winds whistled through black windows and the spirits of the dead manned the parapets.It's better that I'm by I, I said stubbornly. The rest of them are scared of Ghost. Wise boys, Lannister said. Then Lannister changed the subject. The talk is, I's uncle is too long away. I remembered the wish I'd wished in I's anger, the vision of Benjen Stark dead in the snow, and I looked away quickly. Lannister had a way of sensing things, and I did not want Lannister to see the guilt in I's eyes. your uncle said your uncle'd be back by your uncle's name day, I admitted. my name day had come and gone, unremarked, a fortnight past. They were looking for Ser Waymar Royce, Ser Waymar Royce is bannerman to Lord Arryn. Benjen said They might search as far as the Shadow Tower. the Shadow Tower's all the way up in the mountains. Lannister hear that a good many rangers have vanished of late, Lannister said as they mounted the steps to the common hall. Lannister grinned and pulled open the door. Perhaps the grumkins are hungry this year. Inside, the common hall was immense and drafty, even with a fire roaring in the common hall's great hearth. Crows nested in the timbers of the common hall's lofty ceiling. I heard Crows's cries overhead as I accepted a bowl of stew and a heel of black bread from the day's cooks.Grenn and Toad and some of the others were seated at the bench nearest the warmth, laughing and cursing each other in rough voices. Jon eyed Grenn and Toad and some of the others thoughtfully for a moment. Then Jon chose a spot at the far end of the hall, well away from the other diners. Tyrion Lannister sat across from Jon, sniffing at the stew suspiciously. Barley, onion, carrot, Tyrion Lannister muttered. Someone should tell the cooks that turnip isn't a meat. the stew's mutton stew. Jon pulled off Jon's gloves and warmed Jon's hands in the steam rising from the bowl. The smell made Jon's mouth water. Snow. Jon knew Alliser Thorne's voice, but there was a curious note in Alliser Thorne's voice that Jon had not heard before. Jon turned. Alliser Thorne's wants to see Jon. Now. For a moment Jon was too frightened to move. Why would Alliser Thorne's want to see Jon? They had heard something about Benjen, Jon thought wildly, Benjen was dead, the vision had come true. Is it Benjen?he blurted. Is he returned safe? he is not accustomed to waiting, was Ser Alliser's reply. And Ser Alliser's am not accustomed to having Ser Alliser's's commands questioned by bastards. Tyrion Lannister swung off the bench and rose. Stop it, Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister're frightening he. Keep out of matters that don't concern Tyrion Lannister, Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister have no place here. Tyrion Lannister have a place at court, though, Tyrion Lannister said, smiling. A word in the right ear, and Tyrion Lannister'll die a sour old man before Tyrion Lannister get another boy to train. Now tell Snow why the Old Bear needs to see Snow. Is there news of Snow's uncle? No, Ser Alliser's said. This is another matter entirely. A bird arrived this morning from Winterfell, with a message that concerns Ser Alliser's's brother. Ser Alliser's corrected Ser Alliser's. Ser Alliser's's half brother.Bran, Jon breathed, scrambling to Jon's feet. Something's happened to Bran. Tyrion Lannister laid a hand on Jon's arm. Jon, Tyrion Lannister said. Tyrion Lannister am truly sorry. Jon scarcely heard Tyrion Lannister. Jon brushed off a hand and strode across the hall. Jon was running by the time Jon hit the doors. Jon raced to the Commander's Keep, dashing through drifts of old snow. When the guards passed Jon, Jon took the tower steps two at a time. By the time Jon burst into the presence of the Commander's, Jon's boots were soaked and Jon was wild-eyed and panting. Bran, Jon said. What does it say about Bran? the Commander's was a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard. the Commander's had a raven on the Commander's's arm, and the Commander's was feeding a raven kernels of corn. the Commander's am told Jon can read. the Commander's shook a raven off, and a raven flapped a raven's wings and flew to the window, where a raven sat watching as the Commander's drew a roll of paper from the Commander's's belt and handed a roll of paper to Jon. Corn, a raven muttered in a raucous voice.Corn, corn. Jon's finger traced the outline of the direwolf in the white wax of the broken seat. Jon's recognized Robb's hand, but the letters seemed to blur and run as Jon's tried to read the letters. Jon's realized Jon's was crying. And then, through the tears, Jon's found the sense in the letters, and raised Jon's's head. Jon's woke up, Jon's said. The gods gave Jon's back. Crippled, Mormont said. Mormont'm sorry, Jon's. Read the rest of the letter. Jon's looked at the letters, but the letters didn't matter. Nothing mattered. Jon's was going to live. Jon's is going to live, Jon's told Mormont. Jon's shook Jon's's head, gathered up a fistful of corn, and whistled. The raven flew to Jon's's shoulder, crying, Live! Live! Jon's ran down the stairs, a smile on Jon's's face and the letter in Jon's's hand.My brother is going to live, My told the guards. the guards exchanged a look. My ran back to the common hall, where My found Tyrion Lannister just finishing Tyrion Lannister's meal. My grabbed Tyrion Lannister under the arms, hoisted Tyrion Lannister up in the air, and spun Tyrion Lannister around in a circle. My brother is going to live! My whooped. Tyrion Lannister looked startled. My put Tyrion Lannister down and thrust the paper into Tyrion Lannister's hands. Here, read the paper, My said. Others were gathering around and looking at My curiously. My noticed Grenn a few feet away. A thick woolen bandage was wrapped around one hand. Grenn looked anxious and uncomfortable, not menacing at all. My went to Grenn. Grenn edged backward and put up Grenn's hands. Stay away from Grenn now, My. My smiled at Grenn. My'm sorry about Grenn's wrist.Robb used the same move on me once, only with a wooden blade. the same move hurt like seven hells, but me must be worse. Look, if me want, me can show me how to defend the same move. Alliser Thorne overheard me. me wants to take Alliser Thorne's place now. Alliser Thorne sneered. Alliser Thorne'd have an easier time teaching a wolf to juggle than me will training this aurochs. me'll take that wager, Alliser Thorne, me said. me'd love to see Ghost juggle. me heard Grenn suck in Grenn's breath, shocked. Silence fell. Then Tyrion Lannister guffawed. Three of the black brothers joined in from a nearby table. The laughter spread up and down the benches, until even the cooks joined in. The birds stirred in the rafters, and finally Grenn began to chuckle. Alliser Thorne never took Alliser Thorne's eyes from me. As The laughter rolled around Alliser Thorne, Alliser Thorne's face darkened, and Alliser Thorne's sword hand curled into a fist. That was a grievous error, me, Alliser Thorne said at last in the acid tones of an enemy.