The morning had dawned clear and cold, with a crispness that hinted at the end of summer. They set forth at daybreak to see a man beheaded, twenty in all, and Bran rode among They, nervous with excitement. This was the first time Bran had been deemed old enough to go with Bran's lord father and Bran's brothers to see the king's justice done. It was the ninth year of summer, and the seventh of Bran's life. a man had been taken outside a small holdfast in the hills. Robb thought a man was a wildling, Robb's sword sworn to Mance Rayder, the King-beyond-the-Wall. It made Bran's skin prickle to think of his sword. Bran remembered the hearth tales Old Nan told They. The wildlings were cruel men, Old Nan said, slavers and slayers and thieves. The wildlings consorted with giants and ghouls, stole girl children in the dead of night, and drank blood from polished horns. And The wildlings's women lay with the Others in the Long Night to sire terrible half-human children. But a man the king's justice was old and scrawny, not much taller than Robb.He had lost both ears and a finger to frostbite, and He dressed all in black, the same as a brother of the Night's Watch, except that He's furs were ragged and greasy. The breath of man and horse mingled, steaming, in the cold morning air as his lord father had He cut down from the wall and dragged before them. Robb and Jon sat tall and still on Robb and Jon's horses, with his between Robb and Jon on his's pony, trying to seem older than seven, trying to pretend that his'd seen all this before. A faint wind blew through the holdfast gate. Over Robb and Jon's heads flapped the banner of the Starks of Winterfell: a grey direwolf racing across an ice-white field. his lord father sat solemnly on his lord father's horse, long brown hair stirring in the wind. his lord father's closely trimmed beard was shot with white, making his lord father look older than his lord father's thirty-five years. his lord father had a grim cast to his lord father's grey eyes this day, and his lord father seemed not at all the man who would sit before the fire in the evening and talk softly of the age of heroes and the children of the forest. his lord father had taken off his lord father's face, his thought, and donned the face of the Starks of WinterfellWinterfell. There were questions asked and answers given there in the chill of morning, but afterward his could not recall much of what had been said. Finally his lord father gave a command, and two of his lord father's guardsmen dragged He to the ironwood stump in the center of the square. two of his guardsmen forced He's head down onto the ironwood stump in the center of the square.Lord Eddard Stark dismounted and Lord Eddard Stark's ward Theon Greyjoy brought forth the sword. Ice, the sword was called. the sword was as wide across as a man's hand, and taller even than Robb. The blade was Valyrian steel, spell-forged and dark as smoke. Nothing held an edge like Valyrian steel. Lord Eddard Stark peeled off Lord Eddard Stark's gloves and handed his gloves to Jory Cassel, the captain of Lord Eddard Stark's household guard. Lord Eddard Stark took hold of the sword with both hands and said, In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, by the word of Lord Eddard Stark, Lord Eddard Stark do sentence his ward Theon Greyjoy to die. Lord Eddard Stark lifted the sword high above Lord Eddard Stark's head. Bran's bastard brother Jon Snow moved closer. Keep the pony well in hand, Bran's bastard brother Jon Snow whispered. And don't look away. Lord Eddard Stark will know if his ward Theon Greyjoy do.Bran kept Bran's pony well in hand, and did not look away. Bran's father took off the man's head with a single sure stroke. Blood sprayed out across the snow, as red as surnmerwine. One of the horses reared and had to be restrained to keep from bolting. Bran could not take Bran's eyes off Blood. The snows around the stump drank Blood eagerly, reddening as Bran watched. the man's head bounced off a thick root and rolled. the man's head came up near Greyjoy's feet. Greyjoy's was a lean, dark youth of nineteen who found everything amusing. Greyjoy's laughed, put Greyjoy's's boot on the man's head, and kicked the man's head away. Ass, Jon muttered, low enough so Greyjoy's did not hear. Jon put a hand on Bran's shoulder, and Bran looked over at Jon.You did well, Jon told You solemnly. Jon was fourteen, an old hand at justice. It seemed colder on the long ride back to Winterfell, though the wind had died by then and the sun was higher in the sky. You rode with You's brothers, well ahead of the main party, You's pony struggling hard to keep up with the main party's horses. You died bravely, Robb said. You was big and broad and growing every day, with You's mother's coloring, the fair skin, red-brown hair, and blue eyes of the Tullys of Riverrun. You had courage, at the least. No, Jon said quietly. It was not courage. You was dead of fear. You could see fear in You's eyes, Stark. his eyes were a grey so dark his eyes seemed almost black, but there was little his eyes did not see.He was of an age with Robb, but they did not look alike. He was slender where Robb was muscular, dark where Robb was fair, graceful and quick where He was strong and fast. Robb was not impressed. The Others take his eyes, Robb swore. his died well. Race He to the bridge? Done, He said, kicking He's horse forward. Robb cursed and followed, and they galloped off down the trail, Robb laughing and hooting, He silent and intent. The hooves of they's horses kicked up showers of snow as they went. Bran did not try to follow. Bran's pony could not keep up. Bran had seen his eyes, and Bran was thinking of his eyes now.After a while, the sound of Robb's laughter receded, and the woods grew silent again. So deep in thought was he that he never heard the rest of the party until he's father moved up to ride beside he. Are he well, he? his father asked, not unkindly. Yes, his father, he told his father. he looked up. Wrapped in his father's furs and leathers, mounted on his father's great warhorse, his father loomed over he like a giant. Robb's says he died bravely, but Jon says he was afraid. What do he think? his father asked. he thought about it. Can a man still be brave if a man's afraid?That is the only time a man can be brave, a man's father told a man. Do a man understand why his father did it? a man was a wildling, a man said. a wildling carry off women and sell women to the Others. his father smiled. Old Nan has been telling a man stories again. In truth, a man was an oathbreaker, a deserter from the Night's Watch. No man is more dangerous. The deserter knows The deserter's life is forfeit if The deserter is taken, so The deserter will not flinch from any crime, no matter how vile. But a man mistake his father. The question was not why a man had to die, but why his father must do die. a man had no answer for The question.King Robert has a headsman, he said, uncertainly. King Robert does, King Robert's father admitted. As did the Targaryen kings before King Robert. Yet our way is the older way. The blood of the First Men still flows in the veins of the Starks, and our hold to the belief that the man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If he would take a man's life, he owe it to a man's to look into a man's's eyes and hear a man's's final words. And if he cannot bear to do that, then perhaps a man's does not deserve to die. One day, he, he will be Robb's bannerman, holding a keep of he's own for he's brother and he's king, and justice will fall to he. When One day comes, he must take no pleasure in the task, but neither must he look away. A ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is. That was when Jon reappeared on the crest of the hill before them. Jon waved and shouted down at them.Father, Bran, come quickly, see what Robb has found! Then Robb was gone again. Jory rode up beside them. Trouble, Father? Beyond a doubt, Father said. Come, let us see what mischief Father's sons have rooted out now. Father sent Father's horse into a trot. Jory and Bran and the rest came after. Jory and Bran and the rest found Robb on the riverbank north of the bridge, with Jon still mounted beside Robb. The late summer snows had been heavy this moonturn. Robb stood knee-deep in white, Robb's hood pulled back so the sun shone in Robb's hair.He was cradling something in He's arm, while the boys talked in hushed, excited voices. The riders picked The riders's way carefully through the drifts, groping for solid footing on the hidden, uneven ground. Jory Cassel and Theon Greyjoy were the first to reach the boys. Theon Greyjoy was laughing and joking as Theon Greyjoy rode. Bran heard the breath go out of Bran. Gods! Bran exclaimed, struggling to keep control of Bran's horse as Bran reached for Bran's sword. Jory Cassel's sword was already out. Robb, get away from Jory's sword! Bran called as his horse reared under Bran. Robb grinned and looked up from something.She can't hurt you, he said. She's dead, you. Bran was afire with curiosity by then. Bran would have spurred the pony faster, but Bran's father made them dismount beside the bridge and approach on foot. Bran jumped off and ran. By then you, you, and Theon Greyjoy had all dismounted as well. What in the seven hells is it? Theon Greyjoy was saying. A wolf, Robb told Theon Greyjoy. A freak, Theon Greyjoy said. Look at the size of it.Bran's heart was thumping in Bran's's chest as Bran's pushed through a waist-high drift to Bran's's brothers' side. Half-buried in bloodstained snow, a huge dark shape slumped in death. Ice had formed in a huge dark shape's shaggy grey fur, and the faint smell of corruption clung to a huge dark shape like a woman's perfume. Bran's glimpsed blind eyes crawling with maggots, a wide mouth full of yellowed teeth. But it was the size of a huge dark shape that made Bran's gasp. a huge dark shape was bigger than Bran's's pony, twice the size of the largest hound in Bran's's father's kennel. a huge dark shape's no freak, Jon said calmly. a huge dark shape's a direwolf. They grow larger than the other kind. Theon Greyjoy said, There's not been a direwolf sighted south of the Wall in two hundred years. Jon see one now, Jon replied.Bran tore Bran's eyes away from the monster. That was when Bran noticed the bundle in Robb's arms. Bran gave a cry of delight and moved closer. the bundle in Robb's arms was a tiny ball of grey-black fur, the bundle in Robb's arms's eyes still closed. the bundle in Robb's arms nuzzled blindly against Robb's's chest as Robb's cradled the bundle in Robb's arms, searching for milk among Robb's's leathers, making a sad little whimpery sound. Bran reached out hesitantly. Go on, Robb's told Bran. Bran can touch the bundle in Robb's arms. Bran gave the bundle in Robb's arms a quick nervous stroke, then turned as Jon said, Here you go. Jon put a second pup into Robb's arms. There are five of them.Bran sat down in the snow and hugged the wolf pup to Bran's face. the wolf pup's fur was soft and warm against Bran's cheek. Direwolves loose in the realm, after so many years, muttered Hullen, the master of horse. Hullen, the master of horse like it not. it is a sign, Jory said. Father frowned. the wolf pup is only a dead animal, Jory, Father said. Yet Father seemed troubled. Snow crunched under Father's boots as Father moved around the wolf pup. Do we know what killed her? There's something in the throat, Robb told Father, proud to have found the answer before Robb's even asked.There, just under the jaw. His father knelt and groped under the beast's head with His father's hand. His father gave a yank and held it up for all to see. A foot of shattered antler, tines snapped off, all wet with blood. A sudden silence descended over the party. The men looked at it uneasily, and no one dared to speak. His could sense The men's fear, though His did not understand. His's tossed it to the side and cleansed His father's hands in the snow. His father'm surprised she lived long enough to whelp, His father said. His father's voice broke the spell. Maybe she didn't, Jory said.I've heard tales… maybe the bitch was already dead when the pups came. Born with the dead, another man put in. Worse luck. No matter, said Hullen. the pups be dead soon enough too. Bran gave a wordless cry of dismay. The sooner the better, Theon Greyjoy agreed. Theon Greyjoy drew Theon Greyjoy's sword. Give the beast here, Bran. the beast squirmed against Bran, as if the beast heard and understood. No!Bran cried out fiercely. It's mine. Put away Bran's sword, Bran, Robb said. For a moment Robb sounded as commanding as their father, like the lord Robb would someday be. We will keep these pups. Robb cannot do that, Robb, said Harwin, who was Hullen's son. It be a mercy to kill these pups, Hullen's said. Bran looked to their father for rescue, but got only a frown, a furrowed brow. Hullen's speaks truly, Bran. Better a swift death than a hard one from cold and starvation. No!He could feel tears welling in He's eyes, and He looked away. He did not want to cry in front of He's father. He resisted stubbornly. Ser Rodrik's red bitch whelped again last week, He said. It was a small litter, only two live pups. Ser Rodrik's red bitch'll have milk enough. Ser Rodrik's red bitch'll rip only two live pups apart when only two live pups try to nurse. Lord Stark, Jon said. It was strange to hear Jon call his father that, so formal. Bran looked at Jon with desperate hope. There are only two live pups, Bran told his father.Three male, two female. What of it, Jon? Jon have five trueborn children, Jon said. five trueborn children The direwolf is the sigil of Jon's House. five trueborn children were meant to have five trueborn children, Jon. Bran saw Bran's face change, saw the other men exchange glances. Bran loved Jon with all Bran's heart at that moment. Even at seven, Bran understood what Bran's had done. Jon had come right only because Jon had omitted Jon. Jon had included two daughters, included even Rickon, the baby, but not the bastard who bore the surname Snow, the name that custom decreed be given to all those in the north unlucky enough to be born with no name of all those in the north unlucky enough to be born with no name of their own's own.Their father understood as well. You want no pup for You, You? Their father asked softly. The direwolf graces the banners of House Stark, You pointed out. You am no Stark, Their father. Their's regarded You thoughtfully. Robb rushed into the silence Their father left. Robb will nurse The direwolf Robb, Their father, Robb promised. Robb will soak a towel with warm milk, and give The direwolf suck from a towel. Me too! Bran echoed.The lord weighed The lord's sons long and carefully with The lord's eyes. Easy to say, and harder to do. The lord will not have his sons wasting the servants' time with this. If his sons want these pups, his sons will feed these pups his sons. Is that understood? Bran nodded eagerly. The pup squirmed in Bran's grasp, licked at Bran's face with a warm tongue. his sons must train these pups as well, these pups's said. his sons must train these pups. The kennelmaster will have nothing to do with these pups, The lord promise his sons have. And the gods help his sons if his sons neglect these pups, or brutalize these pups, or train these pups badly.These are not dogs to beg for treats and slink off at a kick. A direwolf will rip a man's arm off a man's's shoulder as easily as a dog will kill a rat. Are you sure you want this? Yes, Father, you said. Yes, Father agreed. The pups may die anyway, despite all you do. The pups won't die, Father said. We won't let The pups die. Keep The pups, then. Jory, Desmond, gather up the other pups. It's time We were back to Winterfell.It was not until they were mounted and on they's way that Bran allowed Bran to taste the sweet air of victory. By then, Bran's pup was snuggled inside Bran's leathers, warm against Bran, safe for the long ride home. Bran was wondering what to name his pup. Halfway across the bridge, Jon pulled up suddenly. What is it, Jon? Bran asked. Can't Jon hear it? Bran could hear the wind in the trees, the clatter of they's hooves on the ironwood planks, the whimpering of his pup, but Jon was listening to something else. There, Jon said. Jon swung Jon's horse around and galloped back across the bridge. their watched Jon dismount where the direwolf lay dead in the snow, watched Jon kneel.A moment later he was riding back to them, smiling. he must have crawled away from the others, Jon said. Or been driven away, them's father said, looking at the sixth pup. the sixth pup's fur was white, where the rest of the litter was grey. the sixth pup's eyes were as red as the blood of the ragged man who had died that morning. Bran thought it curious that the sixth pup would have opened His eyes while the others were still blind. An albino, Theon Greyjoy said with wry amusement. the sixth pup will die even faster than the others. Jon gave Theon Greyjoy a long, chilling look. Jon think not, Theon Greyjoy, Jon said. the sixth pup belongs to Jon.