 Eddard Stark rode through the towering bronze doors of the Red Keep sore, tired, hungry, and irritable. Eddard Stark was still ahorse, dreaming of a long hot soak, a roast fowl, and a featherbed, when the king's steward told Eddard Stark that Grand Maester Pycelle had convened an urgent meeting of the small council. The honor of the Hand's presence was requested as soon as the Hand's presence was convenient. the Hand's presence will be convenient on the morrow, Eddard Stark snapped as Eddard Stark dismounted. the king's steward bowed very low. the king's steward shall give the small council Eddard Stark's regrets, the king's steward's . No, damn it, Eddard Stark said. It would not do to offend the small council before Eddard Stark had even begun. Eddard Stark will see the small council. Pray give Eddard Stark a few moments to change into something more presentable. Yes, the king's steward's , the king's steward said. the small council have given Eddard Stark Lord Arryn's former chambers in the Tower of the Hand's, if it please Eddard Stark. the king's steward shall have Eddard Stark's things taken there. Eddard Stark's thanks, Eddard Stark said as Eddard Stark ripped off Eddard Stark's riding gloves and tucked his riding gloves into Eddard Stark's belt. The rest of Eddard Stark's household was coming through the gate behind Eddard Stark. Eddard Stark saw Vayon Poole, Eddard Stark's own steward, and called out. It seems the small council has urgent need of Eddard Stark.See that my daughters find my daughters's bedchambers, and tell Jory to keep my daughters there. Arya is not to go exploring. Poole bowed. Ned turned back to the royal steward. Ned's wagons are still straggling through the city. Ned shall need appropriate garments. It will be the royal steward's great pleasure, the royal steward said. And so Ned had come striding into the council chambers, bone-tired and dressed in borrowed clothing, to find four members of the small council waiting for Ned. the council chambers was richly furnished. Myrish carpets covered the floor instead of rushes, and in one corner a hundred fabulous beasts cavorted in bright paints on a carved screen from the Summer Isles. The walls were hung with tapestries from Norvos and Qohor and Lys, and a pair of Valyrian sphinxes flanked the door, eyes of polished garnet smoldering in black marble faces. The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys, accosted Ned the moment Ned entered. Ned, The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys, was grievous sad to hear about Ned's troubles on the kingsroad. We have all been visiting the sept to light candles for Prince Joffrey. The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys, pray for Prince Joffrey's recovery. The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys,'s hand left powder stains on Ned's sleeve, and The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys, smelled as foul and sweet as flowers on a grave. The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys,'s gods have heard The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys,, Ned replied, cool yet polite.The prince grows stronger every day. He disentangled He from the eunuch's grip and crossed the room to where Lord Renly stood by the screen, talking quietly with a short man who could only be Littlefinger. Lord Renly had been a boy of eight when Robert won the throne, but Lord Renly had grown into a man so like Robert that He found it disconcerting. Whenever He saw Lord Renly, it was as if the years had slipped away and Robert stood before He, fresh from Robert's victory on the Trident. Lord Renly see He have arrived safely, He, Lord Renly said. And you as well, He replied. Lord Renly must forgive He, but sometimes Lord Renly look the very image of Robert. A poor copy, Lord Renly said with a shrug. Though much better dressed, Littlefinger quipped. Lord Renly spends more on clothing than half the ladies of the court. spends was true enough. Lord Renly was in dark green velvet, with a dozen golden stags embroidered on Lord Renly's doublet. A cloth-of-gold half cape was draped casually across one shoulder, fastened with an emerald brooch. There are worse crimes, Lord Renly said with a laugh. The way He dress, for one. Littlefinger ignored the jibe. Littlefinger eyed He with a smile on Littlefinger's lips that bordered on insolence.I have hoped to meet you for some years, you. No doubt Lady Catelyn has mentioned I to you. Lady Catelyn has, you replied with a chill in you's voice. The sly arrogance of the comment rankled you. I understand I knew you's brother Brandon as well. Renly Baratheon laughed. Varys shuffled over to listen. Rather too well, I said. I still carry a token of my brother Brandon's esteem. Did my brother Brandon speak of I too? Often, and with some heat, you said, hoping that would end it. you had no patience with this game they played, this dueling with words. you should have thought that heat ill suits you Starks, I said. Here in the south, they say you Starks are all made of ice, and melt when you Starks ride below the Neck. you do not plan on melting soon, you. you may count on melting. you moved to the council table and said, Maester Pycelle, I trust Maester Pycelle are well.The Grand Maester smiled gently from The Grand Maester's tall chair at the foot of the table. Well enough for a man of The Grand Maester's years, my lord, The Grand Maester replied, yet The Grand Maester do tire easily, The Grand Maester fear. Wispy strands of white hair fringed the broad bald dome of The Grand Maester's forehead above a kindly face. The Grand Maester's collar was no simple metal choker such as Luwin wore, but two dozen heavy chains wound together into a ponderous metal necklace that covered The Grand Maester from throat to breast. The links were forged of every metal known to man: black iron and red gold, bright copper and dull lead, steel and tin and pale silver, brass and bronze and platinum. Garnets and amethysts and black pearls adorned the metalwork, and here and there an emerald or ruby. Perhaps we might begin soon, The Grand Maester said, hands knitting together atop The Grand Maester's broad stomach. The Grand Maester fear The Grand Maester shall fall asleep if we wait much longer. As The Grand Maester will. The king's seat sat empty at the foot of the tablethe table, the crowned stag of Baratheon embroidered in gold thread on The king's seat's pillows. my lord took the chair beside The king's seat, as the right hand of The king's. my lord's lords, my lord said formally, my lord am sorry to have kept My lords waiting. my lord are The king's's Hand, Varys said. My lords serve at my lord's pleasure, my lord. As the others took the others's accustomed seats, it struck my lord forcefully that my lord did not belong here, in this room, with My lords. my lord remembered what Robert had told my lord in the crypts below Winterfell. The king's am surrounded by flatterers and fools, The king's had insisted.Ned looked down the council table and wondered which were the flatterers and which the fools. Ned thought Ned knew already. We are but five, Ned pointed out. Lord Stannis took Lord Stannis to Dragonstone not long after the king went north, Varys said, and our gallant Ser Barristan no doubt rides beside the king as the king makes the king's way through Dragonstone, as befits the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. Perhaps We had best wait for our gallant Ser Barristan and the king to join We, Ned suggested. Renly Baratheon laughed aloud. If We wait for Renly Baratheon's to grace We with the king's royal presence, it could be a long sit. our's has many cares, Varys said. the king entrusts some small matters to We, to lighten the king's load. What Varys means is that all this business of coin and crops and justice bores Renly Baratheon's to tears, Renly Baratheon said, so it falls to We to govern the realm. the king does send We a command from time to time. Renly Baratheon drew a tightly rolled paper from Renly Baratheon's sleeve and laid a tightly rolled paper on the council table. This morning the king commanded Renly Baratheon to ride ahead with all haste and ask Grand Maester Pycelle to convene the council table at once. Grand Maester Pycelle has an urgent task for We. Renly Baratheon smiled and handed a tightly rolled paper to Ned. a tightly rolled paper bore the royal seal.Ned broke the wax with Ned's thumb and flattened the letter to consider the king's urgent command, reading the words with mounting disbelief. Was there no end to Robert's folly? And to do this in Robert's's name, that was salt in the wound. Gods be good, Ned swore. What Robert's means to say, Lord Renly announced, is that Robert's instructs us to stage a great tournament in honor of Robert's's appointment as the Hand of the king's. How much? asked Littlefinger, mildly. Ned read the answer off the letter. Forty thousand golden dragons to the champion. Twenty thousand to the man who comes second, another twenty to the winner of the melee, and ten thousand to the victor of the archery competition. Ninety thousand gold pieces, Littlefinger sighed. And us must not neglect the other costs. Robert's will want a prodigious feast. a prodigious feast means cooks, carpenters, serving girls, singers, jugglers, fools…  Fools us have in plenty, Lord Renly said. Grand Maester Pycelle looked to Littlefinger and asked, Will the treasury bear the expense? What treasury is the treasury?Littlefinger replied with a twist of Littlefinger's mouth. Spare Littlefinger the foolishness, Maester. Maester know as well as Littlefinger that the treasury has been empty for years. Littlefinger shall have to borrow the money. No doubt the Lannisters will be accommodating. the Lannisters owe Lord Tywin some three million dragons at present, what matter another hundred thousand? Maester was stunned. Are Littlefinger claiming that the Crown is three million gold pieces in debt? the Crown is more than six million gold pieces in debt, Lord Stark. the Lannisters are the biggest part of the Crown, but the Lannisters have also borrowed from Lord Tyrell, the Iron Bank of Braavos, and several Tyroshi trading cartels. Of late Littlefinger've had to turn to the Faith. The High Septon haggles worse than a Dornish fishmonger. Maester was aghast. Aerys Targaryen left the treasury flowing with gold. How could Littlefinger let left happen? Littlefinger gave a shrug.The master of coin finds the money. The king and the Hand spend the money. I will not believe that Jon Arryn allowed Robert to beggar the realm, I said hotly. Grand Maester Pycelle shook Grand Maester Pycelle's great bald head, Grand Maester Pycelle's chains clinking softly. Jon Arryn was a prudent man, but Grand Maester Pycelle fear that Jon Arryn's Grace does not always listen to wise counsel. Jon Arryn loves tournaments and feasts, Renly Baratheon said, and Jon Arryn loathes what Jon Arryn calls ‘counting coppers.' I will speak with His Grace, I said. This tourney is an extravagance the realm cannot afford. Speak to Jon Arryn as I will, Renly Baratheon said, we had still best make we's plans. Another day, I said. Perhaps too sharply, from the looks they gave I. I would have to remember that I was no longer in Winterfell, where The king stood higher; here, I was but first among equals. Forgive I, they, I said in a softer tone. I am tired. Let we call a halt for today and resume when we are fresher. I did not ask for they's consent, but stood abruptly, nodded at they, and made for the door.Outside, wagons and riders were still pouring through the castle gates, and the yard was a chaos of mud and horseflesh and shouting men. The king had not yet arrived, The king was told. Since the ugliness on the Trident, the Starks and the Starks's household had ridden well ahead of the main column, the better to separate the Starks and their household from the Lannisters and the growing tension. Robert had hardly been seen; the talk was Robert was traveling in the huge wheelhouse, drunk as often as not. If so, Robert might be hours behind, but Robert would still be here too soon for The king's liking. The king had only to look at Sansa's face to feel the rage twisting inside The king once again. The last fortnight of their journey had been a misery. Sansa's blamed Arya and told Arya that it should have been Nymeria who died. And Arya was lost after Arya heard what had happened to Arya's butcher's boy. Sansa's cried Sansa's to sleep, Arya brooded silently all day long, and The king dreamed of a frozen hell reserved for the Starks. The king crossed the yard, passed under a portcullis into the inner bailey, and was walking toward what The king thought was the Tower of the Hand when Littlefinger appeared in front of The king. The king're going the wrong way, The king. Come with Littlefinger. Hesitantly, The king followed. Littlefinger led The king into a tower, down a stair, across a small sunken courtyard, and along a deserted corridor where empty suits of armor stood sentinel along the walls. empty suits of armor were relics of the Targaryens, black steel with dragon scales cresting empty suits of armor's helms, now dusty and forgotten.This is not the way to my chambers, my said. Did my say This was? my'm leading my to the dungeons to slit my's throat and seal my's corpse up behind a wall, my replied, my's voice dripping with sarcasm. We have no time for this, Stark. my's wife awaits. What game are my playing, my? Your wife is at Winterfell, hundreds of leagues from here. Oh? my's grey-green eyes glittered with amusement. Then it appears someone has managed an astonishing impersonation. For the last time, come. Or don't come, and my'll keep Your wife for my. my hurried down the steps. my followed my warily, wondering if this day would ever end. my had no taste for these intrigues, but my was beginning to realize that these intrigues were meat and mead to a man like my. At the foot of the steps was a heavy door of oak and iron.Petyr Baelish lifted the crossbar and gestured Ned through. They stepped out into the ruddy glow of dusk, on a rocky bluff high above the river. They're outside the castle, Ned said. Ned are a hard man to fool, Ned, Petyr Baelish said with a smirk. Was it the sun that gave it away, or the sky? Follow Petyr Baelish. There are niches cut in the rock. Try not to fall to your death, Catelyn would never understand. With that, Petyr Baelish was over the side of a rocky bluff high above the river, descending as quick as a monkey. Ned studied the rocky face of a rocky bluff high above the river for a moment, then followed more slowly. niches cut in the rock were there, as Petyr Baelish had promised, niches cut in the rockniches cut in the rock. the river was a long, dizzying distance below. Ned kept Ned's face pressed to the rock and tried not to look down any more often than Ned had to. When at last Ned reached the bottom, a narrow, muddy trail along the water's edge, Petyr Baelish was lazing against a rock and eating an apple. Petyr Baelish was almost down to the core. Ned are growing old and slow, Ned, Petyr Baelish said, flipping an apple casually into the rushing water.No matter, we ride the rest of the way. He had two horses waiting. Ned mounted up and trotted behind He, down the trail and into the city. Finally He drew rein in front of a ramshackle building, three stories, timbered, a ramshackle building, three stories, timbered, its windows bright with lamplight in the gathering dusk's windows bright with lamplight in the gathering dusk. The sounds of music and raucous laughter drifted out and floated over the water. Beside the door swung an ornate oil lamp on a heavy chain, with a globe of leaded red glass. Ned dismounted in a fury. A brothel, Ned said as Ned seized Littlefinger by the shoulder and spun Littlefinger around. Littlefinger've brought Ned all this way to take Ned to a brothel. Ned's wife is inside, Littlefinger said. is was the final insult. Brandon was too kind to Littlefinger, Ned said as Ned slammed Littlefinger back against a wall and shoved Ned's dagger up under the little pointed chin beard. Ned, no, an urgent voice called out. Ned speaks the truth. There were footsteps behind Ned. Ned spun, his dagger in hand, as an old white-haired man hurried toward them.He was dressed in brown roughspun, and the soft flesh under He's chin wobbled as He ran. This is no business of yours, Ned began; then, suddenly, the recognition came. Ned lowered the dagger, astonished. Ser Rodrik? Ser Rodrik? nodded. Ned's lady awaits Ned upstairs. Ned was lost. Your lady is truly here? He is not some strange jape of Littlefinger's? Ned sheathed the dagger. Would that He were, Stark, Littlefinger's said. Follow Littlefinger's, and try to look a shade more lecherous and a shade less like the King's Hand. It would not do to have Ned recognized. Perhaps Ned could fondle a breast or two, just in passing. They went inside, through a crowded common room where a fat woman was singing bawdy songs while pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk pressed pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk against pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk's lovers and dandled on their lovers's laps. No one paid Ned the least bit of attention.Ser Rodrik waited below while Littlefinger led Ser Rodrik up to the third floor, along a corridor, and through a door. Inside, Catelyn was waiting. Catelyn cried out when Catelyn saw Littlefinger, ran to Littlefinger, and embraced Littlefinger fiercely. Catelyn, Ned whispered in wonderment. Oh, very good, said Littlefinger, closing a door. My recognized Catelyn. Catelyn feared Littlefinger'd never come, Littlefinger, Catelyn whispered against Littlefinger's chest. Petyr has been bringing Catelyn reports. Petyr told Catelyn of Littlefinger's troubles with Arya and the young prince. How are Arya and the young prince? Both in mourning, and full of anger, Littlefinger told Catelyn. Catelyn, My do not understand. What are Catelyn doing in King's Landing? What's happened? Ned asked Ned's . Is it Bran?Is he…Dead was the word that came to he's lips, but he could not say the word that came to his lips. It is Bran, but not as he think, Catelyn said. he was lost. Then how? Why are Catelyn here, Catelyn? What is this place? Just what this place appears, he said, easing he onto a window seat. A brothel. Can he think of a less likely place to find a Catelyn Tully? he smiled. As it chances, he own this place, so arrangements were easily made. he am most anxious to keep the Lannisters from learning that Cat is here in King's Landing. Why? he asked. he saw Catelyn's hands then, the awkward way Catelyn held her hands, the raw red scars, the stiffness of the last two fingers on Catelyn's left. Catelyn've been hurt.He took her hands in He's own, turned her hands over. Gods. Those are deep cuts… a gash from a sword or… how did this happen, her? her slid a dagger out from under her's cloak and placed a dagger in He's hand. a dagger was sent to open Bran's throat and spill Bran's's life's blood. He's head jerked up. But… who… why would…  her put a finger to He's lips. Let her tell it all, her's . It will go faster that way. Listen. So He listened, and her told it all, from the fire in the library tower to Varys and the guardsmen and Littlefinger. And when her was done, He sat dazed beside the table, a dagger in his hand. Bran's's wolf had saved Bran's's life, He thought dully. What was it that Jon had said when they found the pups in the snow? Your children were meant to have the pups, Your. And Jon had killed Sansa's, and for what?Was it guilt he was feeling? Or fear? If the gods had sent these wolves, what folly had he done? Painfully, Ned forced Ned's thoughts back to the dagger and what the dagger meant. the dagger, Ned repeated. the dagger made no sense. Ned's hand curled around the smooth dragonbone hilt, and Ned slammed the dagger into the table, felt the dagger bite into the wood. the dagger stood mocking Ned. Why should Tyrion Lannister want Bran dead? Tyrion Lannister has never done Tyrion Lannister harm. Do you Starks have nought but snow between you Starks's ears? Littlefinger asked. The Imp's would never have acted alone. Ned rose and paced the length of the room. If the queen had a role in this or, gods forbid, the king the king himself… no, Ned will not believe that. Yet even as Ned said the words, Ned remembered that chill morning on the barrowlands, and Robert's talk of sending hired knives after the queen.He remembered Rhaegar's infant son, the red ruin of Rhaegar's infant son's skull, and the way Rhaegar's had turned away, as Rhaegar's had turned away in Darry's audience hall not so long ago. He could still hear Sansa pleading, as Lyanna had pleaded once. Most likely Rhaegar's did not know, He said. It would not be the first time. Our good Robert is practiced at closing Our good Robert's eyes to things Our good Robert would rather not see. Ned had no reply for that. The face of the butcher's boy swam up before Ned's eyes, cloven almost in two, and afterward Rhaegar's had said not a word. Rhaegar's's head was pounding. He sauntered over to the table, wrenched the knife from the wood. The accusation is treason either way. Accuse Rhaegar's and you will dance with Ilyn Payne before the words are out of you's mouth. Ilyn Payne… if you can find proof, and if you can make Our good Robert listen, then perhaps…  We have proof, Ned said. We have the knife. the knife He flipped the knife casually end over end. A sweet piece of steel, but the knife cuts two ways, Ned.The Imp will no doubt swear the blade was lost or stolen while The Imp was at Winterfell, and with The Imp's hireling dead, who is there to give The Imp the lie? He tossed the blade lightly to Ned. He's counsel is to drop the blade in the river and forget that the blade was ever forged. Ned regarded He coldly. He, Ned am a Stark of Winterfell. Ned's son lies crippled, perhaps dying. My son would be dead, and Catelyn with My son, but for a wolf pup we found in the snow. If He truly believe Ned could forget that, He are as big a fool now as when He took up sword against My son. A fool He may be, Ned… yet He'm still here, while My son has been moldering in My son's frozen grave for some fourteen years now. If Ned are so eager to molder beside My son, far be it from He to dissuade Ned, but He would rather not be included in the party, thank He very much. He would be the last man Ned would willingly include in any party, He. He wound Ned deeply. He placed a hand over He's heart. For He's part, He always found you Starks a tiresome lot, but Catelyn seems to have become attached to you Starks, for reasons He cannot comprehend. He shall try to keep you Starks alive for Catelyn's sake. A fool's task, admittedly, but He could never refuse Catelyn anything.I told Petyr our suspicions about Jon Arryn's death, I said. Petyr has promised to help you find the truth. That was not news that Eddard Stark welcomed, but it was true enough that they needed help, and Petyr had been almost a brother to Cat once. It would not be the first time that Eddard Stark had been forced to make common cause with a man Eddard Stark despised. Very well, Eddard Stark said, thrusting the dagger into Eddard Stark's belt. I spoke of Varys. Does Varys know all of it? Not from I's lips, I said. Eddard Stark did not wed a fool, Eddard Stark. But Varys has ways of learning things that no man could know. Varys has some dark art, Eddard Stark, I swear it. Varys has spies, has is well known, Eddard Stark said, dismissive. It is more than has, I insisted. Ser Rodrik spoke to Ser Aron Santagar in all secrecy, yet somehow Varys knew of their conversation. Varys fear Ser Aron Santagar. Petyr smiled.Leave Lord Varys to me, sweet lady. If sweet lady will permit me a small obscenity—and where better for a small obscenity—me hold the man's balls in the palm of me's hand. me cupped me's fingers, smiling. Or would, if the man's were a man, or had any balls. sweet lady see, if the pie is opened, the birds begin to sing, and Lord Varys would not like begin. Were me sweet lady, me would worry more about the Lannisters and less about the eunuch. me did not need Littlefinger to tell me that. me was thinking back to the day Arya had been found, to the look on the queen's face when the queen's said, We have a wolf, so soft and quiet. me was thinking of the boy Mycah, of Jon Arryn's sudden death, of Bran's fall, of old mad Aerys Targaryen dying on the floor of old mad Aerys Targaryen's throne room while old mad Aerys Targaryen's life's blood dried on a golden blade. me's , me said, turning to Catelyn, there is nothing more Catelyn can do here. me want Catelyn to return to Winterfell at once. If there was one assassin, there could be others. Whoever ordered Bran's fall will learn soon enough that the boy Mycah still lives. Catelyn had hoped to see the girls… Catelyn said. see would be most unwise, Littlefinger put in. The Red Keep is full of curious eyes, and children talk.He speaks truly, my love, my told my love. my embraced my love. Take Ser Rodrik and ride for Winterfell. my will watch over the girls. Go home to our sons and keep our sons safe. As my say, my. my love lifted my love's face, and my kissed my love. Her maimed fingers clutched against my's back with a desperate strength, as if to hold my safe forever in the shelter of Her's arms. Would our like the use of a bedchamber? asked Littlefinger. my should warn Littlefinger, Littlefinger, we usually charge for that sort of thing around here. A moment alone, A moment alone's all my love ask, my love said. Very well. Littlefinger strolled to the door. Don't be too long. It is past time the Hand and Littlefinger returned to the castle, before the Hand and I's absence is noted.Catelyn went to him and took him's hands in Catelyn's own. Catelyn will not forget the help him gave Catelyn, him. When him's men came for Catelyn, Catelyn did not know whether your men were taking Catelyn to a friend or an enemy. Catelyn have found him more than a friend. Catelyn have found a brother Catelyn'd thought lost. him smiled. him am desperately sentimental, Catelyn. Best not tell anyone. him have spent years convincing the court that him am wicked and cruel, and him should hate to see all that hard work go for naught. Ned believed not a word of that, but Ned kept Ned's voice polite as Ned said, him have Ned's thanks as well, him. Oh, now there's a treasure, him said, exiting. When the door had closed behind him, Ned turned back to Ned's . Once Catelyn are home, send word to Helman Tallhart and Galbart Glover under Ned's seal. Helman Tallhart and Galbart Glover are to raise a hundred bowmen each and fortify Moat Cailin. Two hundred determined archers can hold the Neck against an army. Instruct Lord Manderly that Lord Manderly is to strengthen and repair all Lord Manderly's defenses at White Harbor, and see that all his defenses at White Harbor are well manned.And from this day on, I want a careful watch kept over Theon Greyjoy. If there is war, we shall have sore need of Theon Greyjoy's father's fleet. War? The fear was plain on Catelyn's face. It will not come to War?, I promised Catelyn's, praying it was true. I took Catelyn's in I's arms again. The Lannisters are merciless in the face of weakness, as Aerys Targaryen learned to Aerys Targaryen's sorrow, but The Lannisters would not dare attack the north without all the power of the realm behind The Lannisters, and all the power of the realm behind them The Lannisters shall not have. I must play out this fool's masquerade as if nothing is amiss. Remember why I came here, Catelyn's. If I find proof that The Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn…  I felt Catelyn's tremble in his arms. Catelyn's's scarred hands clung to I. If, Catelyn's said, what then, Catelyn's? That was the most dangerous part, I knew. All justice flows from his father's, I told Catelyn's. When I know the truth, I must go to Robert. And pray that his father's is the man I think his father's is, I finished silently, and not the man I fear his father's has become.