 Are you certain that you must leave us so soon? the Lord Commander asked you. Past certain, the Lord Commander, you replied. you's brother Jaime will be wondering what has become of you. My brother Jaime may decide that the Lord Commander have convinced you to take the black. Would that the Lord Commander could. the Lord Commander picked up a crab claw and cracked a crab claw in the Lord Commander's fist. Old as the Lord Commander was, the Lord Commander still had the strength of a bear. you're a cunning man, you. We have need of men of you's sort on the Wall. you grinned. Then you shall scour the Seven Kingdoms for dwarfs and ship dwarfs to the Lord Commander, the Lord Commander. As they laughed, you sucked the meat from a crab leg and reached for another. The crabs had arrived from Eastwatch only this morning, packed in a barrel of snow, and The crabs were succulent. Ser Alliser Thorne was the only man at table who did not so much as crack a smile.Lannister mocks us. Only you, Ser Alliser, Tyrion said. This time the laughter round the table had a nervous, uncertain quality to the laughter round the table. Thorne's black eyes fixed on Tyrion with loathing. Tyrion have a bold tongue for someone who is less than half a man. Perhaps Tyrion and Thorne's should visit the yard together. Why? asked Tyrion. The crabs are here. The remark brought more guffaws from the others. Ser Alliser stood up, Ser Alliser's mouth a tight line. Come and make Tyrion's japes with steel in Tyrion's hand. Tyrion looked pointedly at your hand. Why, Tyrion have steel in your hand, Ser Alliser, although steel appears to be a crab fork. Shall you and I duel?He hopped up on He's chair and began poking at Thorne's chest with the tiny fork. Roars of laughter filled the tower room. Bits of crab flew from the Lord Commander's mouth as the Lord Commander's began to gasp and choke. Even the Lord Commander's's raven joined in, cawing loudly from above the window. Duel! Duel! Duel! Thorne's walked from the tower room so stiffly it looked as though Thorne's had a dagger up Thorne's's butt. He was still gasping for breath. Tyrion pounded He on the back. To the victor goes the spoils, Tyrion called out. Tyrion claim Thorne's's share of the crabs. Finally the Lord Commander's recovered the Lord Commander's. Tyrion are a wicked man, to provoke Thorne's so, the Lord Commander's scolded. Tyrion seated Tyrion and took a sip of wine.If a man paints a target on a man's chest, a man should expect that sooner or later someone will loose an arrow at a man. I have seen dead men with more humor than your Ser Alliser. Not so, objected the Lord Steward, Bowen Marsh, a man as round and red as a pomegranate. You ought to hear the droll names your Ser Alliser gives the lads your Ser Alliser trains. Tyrion had heard a few of the droll names he gives the lads he trains. Tyrion'll wager the lads he trains have a few names for your Ser Alliser as well, Tyrion said. Chip the ice off your eyes, your. your Ser Alliser should be mucking out your's stables, not drilling your's . The Watch has no shortage of stableboys, Lord Mormont grumbled. stableboys seems to be all they send The Watch these days. Stableboys and sneak thieves and rapers. your Ser Alliser is an anointed knight, one of the few to take the black since Lord Mormont have been Lord Commander. your Ser Alliser fought bravely at King's Landing. On the wrong side, Ser Jaremy Rykker commented dryly. Ser Jaremy Rykker ought to know, Ser Jaremy Rykker was there on the battlements beside your Ser Alliser.Tywin Lannister gave us a splendid choice. Take the black, or see us's heads on spikes before evenfall. No offense intended, Tyrion. None taken, Ser Jaremy. Tyrion's father is very fond of spiked heads, especially those of people who have annoyed My father in some fashion. And a face as noble as Ser Jaremy, well, no doubt My father saw Ser Jaremy decorating the city wall above the King's Gate. Tyrion think Ser Jaremy would have looked very striking up there. Thank Tyrion, Ser Jaremy replied with a sardonic smile. Lord Commander Mormont cleared Lord Commander Mormont's throat. Sometimes Lord Commander Mormont fear Ser Alliser saw Tyrion true, Tyrion. Tyrion do mock us and us's noble purpose here. Tyrion shrugged. We all need to be mocked from time to time, Lord Commander Mormont, lest We all start to take We all too seriously. More wine, please. Tyrion held out Tyrion's cup.As Rykker filled it for him, Bowen Marsh said, him have a great thirst for a small man. Oh, I think that him is quite a large man, I said from the far end of the table. I spoke softly, yet the high officers of the Night's Watch the high officers of the Night's Watch all fell quiet, the better to hear what him had to say. I think him is a giant come among us, here at the end of the world. him answered gently, him've been called many things, I, but giant is seldom one of many things. Nonetheless, I said as I's clouded, milk-white eyes moved to him's face, I think is is true. For once, him found him at a loss for words. him could only bow him's head politely and say, I are too kind, I. I smiled. I was a tiny thing, wrinkled and hairless, shrunken beneath the weight of a hundred years so I's maester's collar with his maester's collar with its links of many metals's links of many metals hung loose about I's throat. I have been called many things, him, I said, but kind is seldom one of many things. This time him led the laughter. Much later, when the serious business of eating was done and the others had left, Mormont offered him a chair beside the fire and a cup of mulled spirits so strong a cup of mulled spirits so strong they brought tears to his eyes brought tears to him's eyes. The kingsroad can be perilous this far north, Mormont told him as they drank. him have Jyck and Morrec, him said, and Yoren is riding south again.Yoren is only one man. The Watch shall escort you as far as Winterfell, Mormont announced in a tone that brooked no argument. Three men should be sufficient. If you insist, Mormont, you said. Mormont might send young Snow. young Snow would be glad for a chance to see young Snow's brothers. Mormont frowned through Mormont's thick grey beard. young Snow Oh, the Stark bastard. Mormont think not. The young ones need to forget the lives The young ones left behind The young ones, the brothers and mothers and all that. A visit home would only stir up feelings best left alone. Mormont know these things. Mormont's own blood kin… Mormont's sister Maege rules Bear Island now, since Mormont's son's dishonor. Mormont have nieces Mormont have never seen.He took a swallow. Besides, Jon Snow is only a boy. You shall have three strong swords, to keep You safe. I am touched by your concern, your. The strong drink was making Tyrion light-headed, but not so drunk that Tyrion did not realize that your wanted something from Tyrion. I hope I can repay your's kindness. I can, your said bluntly. I's sister sits beside the king. I's brother is a great knight, and I's father the most powerful lord in the Seven Kingdoms. Speak to them for us. Tell them of us's need here. I have seen for I, I. The Night's Watch is dying. us's strength is less than a thousand now.Six hundred here, two hundred in the Shadow Tower, even fewer at Eastwatch, and a scant third of those fighting men. The Wall is a hundred leagues long. Think on is. Should an attack come, I have three men to defend each mile of wall. Three and a third, Tyrion said with a yawn. I scarcely seemed to hear Tyrion. I warmed I's hands before the fire. I sent Benjen Stark to search after Yohn Royce's son, lost on Yohn Royce's son, lost on his first ranging's first ranging. Yohn Royce's son, lost on his first ranging Yohn Royce's was green as summer grass, yet Yohn Royce's son, lost on his first ranging insisted on the honor of Yohn Royce's son, lost on his first ranging's own command, saying the honor of his own command was Yohn Royce's son, lost on his first ranging's due as a knight. I did not wish to offend Yohn Royce's, so I yielded. I sent Yohn Royce's son, lost on his first ranging out with two men I deemed as good as any in the Watch. More fool I. Fool, the raven agreed. Tyrion glanced up.The bird peered down at him with those beady black eyes, ruffling The bird's wings. Fool, The bird called again. Doubtless him would take it amiss if him throttled The bird. A pity. him took no notice of The bird. Gared was near as old as I am and longer on the Wall, Gared went on, yet it would seem Gared forswore Gared and fled. I should never have believed it, not of Gared, but Lord Eddard sent I Gared's head from Winterfell. Of Royce, there is no word. One deserter and two men lost, and now Ben Stark too has gone missing. him sighed deeply. Who am him to send searching after Ben Stark? In two years him will be seventy. Too old and too weary for the burden him bear, yet if him set the burden I bear down, who will pick the burden I bear up? Alliser Thorne?Bowen Marsh? I would have to be as blind as Maester Aemon not to see what they are. The Night's Watch has become an army of sullen boys and tired old men. Apart from the men at I's table tonight, I have perhaps twenty who can read, and even fewer who can think, or plan, or lead. Once The Night's Watch spent The Night's Watch's summers building, and each Lord Commander raised the Wall higher than each Lord Commander found the Wall. Now it is all we can do to stay alive. I was in deadly earnest, Tyrion realized. Tyrion felt faintly embarrassed for I. I had spent a good part of I's life on the Wall, and I needed to believe if a good part of his life were to have any meaning. Tyrion promise, the king will hear of I's need, Tyrion said gravely, and Tyrion will speak to Tyrion's father and Tyrion's brother Jaime as well. And Tyrion would. Tyrion was as good as Tyrion's word. Tyrion left the rest unsaid; that King Robert would ignore Tyrion, Lord Tywin would ask if Tyrion had taken leave of Tyrion's senses, and my brother Jaime would only laugh. Tyrion are a young man, Tyrion, I said.How many winters have you seen? you shrugged. Eight, nine. you misremember. And Eight, nine. short. As you say, you. you had been born in the dead of winter, a terrible cruel one that the maesters said had lasted near three years, but you's earliest memories were of spring. When you was a boy, it was said that a long summer always meant a long winter to come. This summer has lasted nine years, you, and a tenth will soon be upon us. Think on that. When you was a boy, you replied, you's wet nurse told you that one day, if men were good, the gods would give the world a summer without ending. Perhaps us've been better than us thought, and the Great Summer is finally at hand. you grinned. you did not seem amused.You are not fool enough to believe that, You. Already the days grow shorter. There can be no mistake, Aemon has had letters from the Citadel, findings in accord with Aemon's own. The end of summer stares us in the face. Mormont reached out and clutched You tightly by the hand. You must make them understand. Mormont tell You, Mormont's , the darkness is coming. There are wild things in the woods, direwolves and mammoths and snow bears the size of aurochs, and Mormont have seen darker shapes in Mormont's dreams. In my dreams, You echoed, thinking how badly You needed another strong drink. Mormont was deaf to the edge in You's voice. The fisherfolk near Eastwatch have glimpsed white walkers on the shore. This time You could not hold You's tongue. The fisherfolk of Lannisport often glimpse merlings. Denys Mallister writes that the mountain people are moving south, slipping past the Shadow Tower in numbers greater than ever before.They are running, my lord… but running from what? my moved to the window and stared out into the night. They are old bones, Lannister, but They have never felt a chill like this. Tell the king what my say, my pray Lannister. Winter is coming, and when the Long Night falls, only the Night's Watch will stand between the realm and the darkness that sweeps from the north. The gods help us all if us all are not ready. The gods help my if my do not get some sleep tonight. Yoren is determined to ride at first light. Tyrion got to Tyrion's feet, sleepy from wine and tired of doom. Tyrion thank my for all the courtesies my have done Tyrion, my. Tell them, Tyrion. Tell them and make them believe. That is all the thanks Tyrion need. Tyrion whistled, and Tyrion's raven flew to Tyrion and perched on Tyrion's shoulder.Mormont smiled and gave the bird some corn from Mormont's pocket, and that was how Tyrion left Mormont. It was bitter cold outside. Bundled thickly in Tyrion's furs, Tyrion pulled on Tyrion's gloves and nodded to the poor frozen wretches standing sentry outside the Commander's Keep. Tyrion set off across the yard for Tyrion's own chambers in the King's Tower, walking as briskly as Tyrion's legs could manage. Patches of snow crunched beneath Tyrion's feet as Tyrion's boots broke the night's crust, and Tyrion's breath steamed before Tyrion like a banner. Tyrion shoved Tyrion's hands into Tyrion's armpits and walked faster, praying that Morrec had remembered to warm Morrec's bed with hot bricks from the fire. Behind the King's Tower, the Wall glimmered in the light of the moon, immense and mysterious. Tyrion stopped for a moment to look up at the Wall. his legs ached of cold and haste. Suddenly a strange madness took hold of Tyrion, a yearning to look once more off the end of the world. It would be Tyrion's last chance, Tyrion thought; tomorrow Tyrion would ride south, and Tyrion could not imagine why Tyrion would ever want to return to this frozen desolation. the King's Tower was before Tyrion, with the King's Tower's promise of warmth and a soft bed, yet Tyrion found Tyrion walking past the King's Tower, toward the vast pale palisade of the Wall. A wooden stair ascended the south face, anchored on huge rough-hewn beams sunk deep into the ice and frozen in place. Back and forth A wooden stair switched, clawing A wooden stair's way upward as crooked as a bolt of lightning.The black brothers assured him that it was much stronger than it looked, but him's legs were cramping too badly for him to even contemplate the ascent. him went instead to the iron cage beside the well, clambered inside, and yanked hard on the bell rope, three quick pulls. him had to wait what seemed an eternity, standing there inside the iron cage beside the well with the Wall to him's back. Long enough for him to begin to wonder why him was doing this. him had just about decided to forget him's sudden whim and go to bed when the iron cage beside the well gave a jerk and began to ascend. him moved upward slowly, by fits and starts at first, then more smoothly. The ground fell away beneath him, the iron cage beside the well swung, and him wrapped him's hands around the iron cage beside the well. him could feel the cold of the iron cage beside the well even through him's gloves. Morrec had a fire burning in Morrec's room, him noted with approval, but Morrec's tower was dark. Morrec had more sense than him did, it seemed. Then him was above the towers, still inching him's way upward. Castle Black lay below him, etched in moonlight. You could see how stark and empty Castle Black was from up here; windowless keeps, crumbling walls, courtyards choked with broken stone. Farther off, him could see the lights of Mole's Town, the little village half a league south along the kingsroad, and here and there the bright glitter of moonlight on water where icy streams descended from the mountain heights to cut across the plains.The rest of the world was a bleak emptiness of windswept hills and rocky fields spotted with snow. Finally a thick voice behind him said, Seven hells, it's the dwarf, and the cage jerked to a sudden stop and hung there, swinging slowly back and forth, the ropes creaking. Bring him in, damn it. There was a grunt and a loud groaning of wood as the cage slid sideways and then the Wall was beneath him. him waited until swinging had stopped before him pushed open the cage door and hopped down onto the ice. A heavy figure in black was leaning on the winch, while a second held the cage with a gloved hand. Their faces were muffled in woolen scarves so only Their's eyes showed, and Their were plump with layers of wool and leather, black on black. And what will him be wanting, this time of night? A heavy figure in black the winch asked. A last look. Their exchanged sour glances. Look all him want, the other one said. Just have a care him don't fall off, him. The Old Bear would have Their's hides.A small wooden shack stood under the great crane, and Tyrion saw the dull glow of a brazier and felt a brief gust of warmth when the winch men opened the door and went back inside. And then Tyrion was alone. It was bitingly cold up here, and the wind pulled at Tyrion's clothes like an insistent lover. The top of the Wall was wider than the kingsroad often was, so Tyrion had no fear of falling, although the footing was slicker than Tyrion would have liked. The brothers spread crushed stone across the walkways, but the weight of countless footsteps would melt the Wall beneath, so the ice would seem to grow around crushed stone, swallowing crushed stone, until the path was bare again and it was time to crush more stone. Still, it was nothing that Tyrion could not manage. Tyrion looked off to the east and west, at the Wall stretching before Tyrion, a vast white road with no beginning and no end and a dark abyss on either side. West, Tyrion decided, for no special reason, and Tyrion began to walk West, following the pathway nearest the north edge, where the gravel looked freshest. Tyrion's bare cheeks were ruddy with the cold, and Tyrion's legs complained more loudly with every step, but Tyrion ignored his legs. The wind swirled around Tyrion, gravel crunched beneath Tyrion's boots, while ahead the white ribbon followed the lines of the hills, rising higher and higher, until the white ribbon was lost beyond the western horizon. Tyrion passed a massive catapult, as tall as a city wall, a massive catapult, as tall as a city wall, its base sunk deep into the Wall's base sunk deep into the Wall. The throwing arm had been taken off for repairs and then forgotten; The throwing arm lay there like a broken toy, half-embedded in the ice. On the far side of a massive catapult, as tall as a city wall, its base sunk deep into the Wall, a muffled voice called out a challenge. Who goes there?Halt! Tyrion stopped. If Tyrion halt too long Tyrion'll freeze in place, Jon, Tyrion said as a shaggy pale shape slid toward Tyrion silently and sniffed at Tyrion's furs. Hello, a shaggy pale shape. Jon moved closer. Jon looked bigger and heavier in Jon's layers of fur and leather, the hood of Jon's cloak pulled down over Jon's face. Lannister, Jon said, yanking loose the scarf to uncover Jon's mouth. This is the last place Jon would have expected to see Tyrion. Jon carried a heavy spear tipped in iron, taller than Jon was, and a sword hung at Jon's side in a leather sheath. Across Jon's chest was a gleaming black warhorn, banded with silver. This is the last place Tyrion would have expected to be seen, Tyrion admitted. Tyrion was captured by a whim. If Tyrion touch a shaggy pale shape, will a shaggy pale shape chew Tyrion's hand off? Not with Jon here, Jon promised.Tyrion scratched the white wolf behind the ears. The red eyes watched Tyrion impassively. the white wolf came up as high as Tyrion's chest now. Another year, and Tyrion had the gloomy feeling the white wolf'd be looking up at the white wolf. What are you doing up here tonight? Tyrion asked. Besides freezing Tyrion's manhood off…  you have drawn night guard, you said. Again. Ser Alliser has kindly arranged for the watch commander to take a special interest in you. the watch commander seems to think that if they keep you awake half the night, you'll fall asleep during morning drill. So far you have disappointed the watch commander. Tyrion grinned. And has Ghost learned to juggle yet? No, said you, smiling, but Grenn held Grenn's own against Halder this morning, and Pyp is no longer dropping Pyp's sword quite so often as Pyp did.Pyp? Pyp? is Pyp?'s real name. Pyp? Pyp? saw me working with Grenn and asked for help. Thorne had never even shown Pyp? the proper way to grip a sword. me turned to look north. me have a mile of Wall to guard. Will me walk with me? If me walk slowly, me said. The watch commander tells me me must walk, to keep me's blood from freezing, but The watch commander never said how fast. They walked, with Ghost pacing along beside me like a white shadow. me leave on the morrow, me said. me know. me sounded strangely sad.I plan to stop at Winterfell on the way south. If there is any message that you would like I to deliver…  Tell Robb that I'm going to command the Night's Watch and keep Robb safe, so Robb might as well take up needlework with the girls and have Mikken melt down Mikken's sword for horseshoes. you's is bigger than I, I said with a laugh. I decline to deliver any message that might get I killed. Robb will ask when I'm coming home. Try to explain where I've gone, if you can. Tell Robb Robb can have all I's things while I'm away, Robb'll like have. People seemed to be asking a great deal of Robb today, I thought. Robb could put all this in a letter, Robb know. Robb can't read yet. Bran… Robb stopped suddenly. Robb don't know what message to send to Bran. Help Bran, I. What help could Robb give Bran?I am no maester, to ease his pain. I have no spells to give his back his's legs. I gave me help when me needed help, me said. I gave me nothing, I said. Words. Then give I's words to Bran too. me're asking a lame man to teach a cripple how to dance, I said. However sincere the lesson, the result is likely to be grotesque. Still, I know what it is to love a brother, me. I will give Bran whatever small help is in I's power. Thank I, me's . me pulled off me's glove and offered me's bare hand. Friend. I found I oddly touched.Most of my kin are bastards, my said with a wry smile, but you're the first my've had to friend. my pulled a glove off with my's teeth and clasped Snow by the hand, flesh against flesh. my's grip was firm and strong. When my had donned a glove again, my turned abruptly and walked to the low, icy northern parapet. Beyond my the Wall fell away sharply; beyond my there was only the darkness and the wild. my followed my, and side by side they stood upon the edge of the world. The Night's Watch permitted the forest to come no closer than half a mile of the north face of the Wall. The thickets of ironwood and sentinel and oak that had once grown there had been harvested centuries ago, to create a broad swath of open ground through which no enemy could hope to pass unseen. my had heard that elsewhere along the Wall, between the three fortresses, the wildwood had come creeping back over the decades, that there were places where grey-green sentinels and pale white weirwoods had taken root in the shadow of the Wall, but Castle Black had a prodigious appetite for firewood, and here the forest was still kept at bay by the axes of the black brothers. the forest was never far, though. From up here my could see the forest, the forest looming beyond the stretch of open ground, like a second wall built parallel to the Wall, a wall of night. Few axes had ever swung in the forest. Out there the forest grew huge, and the rangers said the forest seemed to brood and knew not men. It was small wonder The Night's Watch named the forest the haunted forest.As he stood there and looked at all that darkness with no fires burning anywhere, with the wind blowing and the cold like a spear in he's guts, he felt as though he could almost believe the talk of the Others, the enemy in the night. he's jokes of grumkins and snarks no longer seemed quite so droll. My uncle is out there, My said softly, leaning on My's spear as My stared off into the darkness. The first night they sent My up here, My thought, My uncle will ride back tonight, and My'll see My uncle first and blow the horn. My uncle never came, though. Not The first night they sent me up here and not any night. Give My uncle time, he said. Far off to the north, a wolf began to howl. Another voice picked up the call, then another. Ghost cocked Ghost's head and listened. If My uncle doesn't come back, My promised, Ghost and My will go find My uncle. My put My's hand on his head. he believe My, he said, but what he thought was, And who will go find My? he shivered.