 Her father had been fighting with the council again. Her could see fighting on Her father's face when Her father came to table, late again, as Her father had been so often. The first course, a thick sweet soup made with pumpkins, had already been taken away when Ned Stark strode into the Small Hall. They called the Small Hall that to set the Small Hall apart from the Great Hall, where the king could feast a thousand, but the Small Hall was a long room with a high vaulted ceiling and bench space for two hundred at the Small Hall's trestle tables. Her father, Jory said when Ned Stark entered. Jory rose to Jory's feet, and the rest of the guard rose with Jory. Each man wore a new cloak, heavy grey wool with a white satin border. A hand of beaten silver clutched the woolen folds of each cloak and marked their wearers as men of the Hand's household guard. There were only fifty of the guard, so most of the benches were empty. Be seated, Ned Stark said. Ned Stark see the guard have started without Ned Stark. Ned Stark am pleased to know there are still some men of sense in this city. Ned Stark signaled for the meal to resume. The servants began bringing out platters of ribs, roasted in a crust of garlic and herbs. The talk in the yard is we shall have a tourney, My's , Jory said as Jory resumed Jory's seat.They say that knights will come from all over the realm to joust and feast in honor of your appointment as Hand of the King. Arya could see that Arya's father was not very happy about that. Do They also say this is the last thing in the world Arya would have wished? Sansa's eyes had grown wide as the plates. A tourney, Sansa's breathed. Sansa's was seated between Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole, as far from Arya as Sansa's could get without drawing a reproach from her father. Will we be permitted to go, her father? Sansa's know her father's feelings, Sansa's. It seems her father must arrange Robert's games and pretend to be honored for Robert's's sake. That does not mean her father must subject her father's daughters to this folly. Oh, please, Sansa's said. Sansa's want to see. Septa Mordane spoke up. Princess Myrcella will be there, Septa Mordane's , and Princess Myrcella's younger than Sansa's. All the ladies of the court will be expected at a grand event like this, and as A tourney is in Sansa's's honor, it would look queer if Sansa's's family did not attend.Father looked pained. I suppose so. Very well, Father shall arrange a place for you, you. Father saw Arya. For both of you. Arya don't care about their stupid tourney, Arya said. Arya knew Prince Joffrey would be there, and Arya hated Prince Joffrey. you lifted you's head. their stupid tourney will be a splendid event. Arya shan't be wanted. Anger flashed across Father's face. Enough, you. More of that and you will change Father's mind. Father am weary unto death of this endless war both of you are fighting. both of you are sisters.I expect you to behave like sisters, is expect understood? Sansa bit Sansa's lip and nodded. Arya lowered Arya's face to stare sullenly at Arya's plate. Arya could feel tears stinging Arya's eyes. Arya rubbed tears stinging her eyes away angrily, determined not to cry. The only sound was the clatter of knives and forks. Pray excuse I, I announced to the table. I find I have small appetite tonight. I walked from the hall. After I was gone, Sansa exchanged excited whispers with Jeyne Poole. Down the table Jory laughed at a joke, and Hullen started in about horseflesh. horseflesh, now, horseflesh may not be the best one for the joust. Not the same thing, oh, no, not the same at all. The men had heard it all before; Desmond, Jacks, and Hullen's son Harwin shouted Hullen down together, and Porther called for more wine. No one talked to Arya.She didn't care. She liked it that way. She would have eaten She's meals alone in She's bedchamber if they let She. Sometimes they did, when Father had to dine with the king or some lord or the envoys from this place or that place. The rest of the time, they ate in Father's solar, just Father and She and Sansa. That was when She missed She's brothers most. She wanted to tease Bran and play with baby Rickon and have Robb smile at She. She wanted Jon to muss up She's hair and call She little sister and finish Jon's sentences with her little sister. But her brothers were gone. She had no one left but Sansa, and Sansa wouldn't even talk to She unless Father made She. Back at Winterfell, they had eaten in the Great Hall almost half the time. Father used to say that a lord needed to eat with a lord's men, if a lord hoped to keep his men. Know the men who follow you, She heard Father tell Robb once, and let the men who follow you know you. Don't ask your men to die for a stranger. At Winterfell, Father always had an extra seat set at Father's own table, and every day a different man would be asked to join Father.One night it would be Vayon Poole, and the talk would be coppers and bread stores and servants. The next time it would be Mikken, and her father would listen to Mikken go on about armor and swords and how hot a forge should be and the best way to temper steel. Another day it might be Hullen with Hullen with his endless horse talk's endless horse talk, or Septon Chayle from the library, or Jory, or Ser Rodrik, or even Old Nan with Old Nan with her stories's stories. her had loved nothing better than to sit at her father's table and listen to them talk. her had loved listening to the men on the benches too; to freeriders tough as leather, courtly knights and bold young squires, grizzled old men-at-arms. her used to throw snowballs at the men on the benches and help the men on the benches steal pies from the kitchen. the men on the benches's wives gave her's scones and her invented names for Their wives's babies and played monsters-and-maidens and hide-the-treasure and come-into-my-castle with Their wives's children. Fat Tom used to call her Arya Underfoot, because Fat Tom said that was where her always was. her'd liked call a lot better than Arya Horseface. Only that was Winterfell, a world away, and now everything was changed. This was the first time they had supped with the men on the benches since arriving in King's Landing. her hated it. her hated the sounds of the men on the benches's voices now, the way the men on the benches laughed, the stories the men on the benches told. the men on the benches'd been her's friends, her'd felt safe around the men on the benches, but now her knew felt was a lie. the men on the benches'd let the queen kill Lady, let was horrible enough, but then the Hound found the Hound.Jeyne Poole had told Arya that Jeyne Poole'd cut him up in so many pieces that they'd given him back to the butcher in a bag, and at first him had thought him was a pig they'd slaughtered. And no one had raised a voice or drawn a blade or anything, not Harwin who always talked so bold, or Alyn who was going to be a knight, or Jory who was captain of the guard. Not even Arya's father. him was Arya's friend, Arya whispered into Arya's plate, so low that no one could hear. Arya's ribs sat there untouched, grown cold now, a thin film of grease congealing beneath Her ribs on her plate. Arya looked at Her ribs and felt ill. Arya pushed away from the table. Pray, where do Arya think Arya are going, Arya? Septa Mordane asked. Arya'm not hungry. Arya found it an effort to remember Arya's courtesies. May Arya be excused, please? Arya recited stiffly. Arya may not, Septa Mordane said. Arya have scarcely touched Arya's food. Arya will sit down and clean her plate.You clean it! Before anyone could stop You, You bolted for the door as the men laughed and Septa Mordane called loudly after You, Septa Mordane's voice rising higher and higher. Fat Tom was at Fat Tom's post, guarding the door. Fat Tom blinked when Fat Tom saw You rushing toward Fat Tom and heard Septa Mordane's shouts. Here now, You, hold on, Fat Tom started to say, reaching, but You slid between Fat Tom's legs and then You was running up the winding tower steps, You's feet hammering on the stone while Fat Tom huffed and puffed behind You. You's bedchamber was the only place that You liked in all of King's Landing, and the thing You liked best about Her bedchamber was the door, a massive slab of dark oak with black iron bands. When You slammed the door, a massive slab of dark oak with black iron bands and dropped the heavy crossbar, nobody could get into Her bedchamber, not Septa Mordane or Fat Tom or Sansa or Jory or the Hound, nobody! You slammed the door, a massive slab of dark oak with black iron bands now. When the bar was down, You finally felt safe enough to cry. You went to the window seat and sat there, sniffling, hating them all, and You most of all. It was all You's fault, everything bad that had happened. Sansa said so, and Jeyne too. Fat Tom was knocking on Her bedchamber. You, what's wrong? Fat Tom called out.You in there? No! she shouted. The knocking stopped. A moment later she heard You going away. You was always easy to fool. she went to the chest at the foot of she's bed. she knelt, opened the lid, and began pulling she's clothes out with both hands, grabbing handfuls of silk and satin and velvet and wool and tossing handfuls of silk and satin and velvet and wool on the floor. It was there at the bottom of the chest at the foot of her bed, where she'd hidden It. she lifted It out almost tenderly and drew It from It's sheath. It she thought of Mycah again and she's eyes filled with tears. she's fault, she's fault, she's fault. If she had never asked Mycah to play at swords with she's…  There was a pounding at she's door, louder than before. she, she open her door at once, do she hear me?Arya spun around, with Needle in Arya's hand. You better not come in here! Arya warned. Arya slashed at the air savagely. her hand will hear of slashed! You raged. Arya don't care, Arya screamed. Go away. Arya will rue this insolent behavior, Arya, You promise Arya rue. Arya listened at the door until Arya heard the sound of You's receding footsteps. Arya went back to the window, Needle in hand, and looked down into the courtyard below. If only Arya could climb like Bran, Arya thought; Arya would go out the window and down the tower, run away from this horrible place, away from Sansa and You and Prince Joffrey, from all of them. Steal some food from the kitchens, take Needle and Arya's good boots and a warm cloak. Arya could find Nymeria in the wild woods below the Trident, and together they'd return to Winterfell, or run to Jon on the Wall. Arya found Arya wishing that Jon on the Wall was here with Arya now.Then maybe she wouldn't feel so alone. A soft knock at the door behind she's turned she away from the window and she's dreams of escape. she, she's father's voice called out. Open the door behind her. We need to talk. she crossed the room and lifted the crossbar. her father's was alone. her father's seemed more sad than angry. seemed made she feel even worse. May her father's come in? she nodded, then dropped she's eyes, ashamed. her father's closed the door behind her. Whose sword is that? Mine. she had almost forgotten Needle, in she's hand.Give it to me. Reluctantly Arya surrendered it, wondering if Arya would ever hold it again. me turned it in the light, examining both sides of it. me tested the point with me's thumb. A bravo's blade, me said. Yet it seems to me that me know this maker's mark. it is Mikken's work. Arya could not lie to me. Arya lowered Arya's eyes. me sighed. me's is being armed from me's own forge, and me know nothing of armed. The Hand of the King is expected to rule the Seven Kingdoms, yet it seems me cannot even rule me's own household. How is it that Arya come to own a sword, Arya? Where did Arya get a sword? Arya chewed Arya's lip and said nothing.She would not betray Jon, not even to their father. After a while, their father said, their father don't suppose it matters, truly. their father looked down gravely at the sword in their father's hands. the sword in his hands is no toy for children, least of all for a girl. What would Septa Mordane say if Septa Mordane knew She were playing with swords? She wasn't playing, She insisted. She hate Septa Mordane. That's enough. She's voice was curt and hard. Septa Mordane is doing no more than is Septa Mordane's duty, though gods know She have made it a struggle for Septa Mordane. She's mother and their father have charged Septa Mordane with the impossible task of making She a lady. She don't want to be a lady! She flared. She ought to snap the sword in his hands across She's knee here and now, and put an end to this nonsense. Needle wouldn't break, She said defiantly, but She's voice betrayed She's words.It has a name, does It? Her father sighed. Ah, Her. Her have a wildness in Her, Her. ‘The wolf blood,' Her father used to call The wolf blood. Lyanna had a touch of The wolf blood, and Her father's brother Brandon more than a touch. The wolf blood brought them both to an early grave. Her heard sadness in Her father's voice; Her father did not often speak of Her father, or of the brother and sister who had died before Her was born. Lyanna might have carried a sword, if Her father had allowed carried. Her remind Her father of Lyanna sometimes. Her even look like Lyanna. Lyanna was beautiful, Her said, startled. Everybody said so. It was not a thing that was ever said of Her. Her was, Her father agreed, beautiful, and willful, and dead before Her's time.He lifted the sword, held the sword out between them. Arya, what did Arya think to do with this… Needle? Who did Arya hope to skewer? Arya's sister? Septa Mordane? Do Arya know the first thing about sword fighting? All Arya could think of was the lesson Jon had given Arya. Stick them with the pointy end, Arya blurted out. He snorted back laughter. That is the essence of sword fighting, He suppose. Arya desperately wanted to explain, to make He see. Arya was trying to learn, but… Arya's eyes filled with tears. Arya asked Mycah to practice with Arya. The grief came on Arya all at once. Arya turned away, shaking.I asked him, I cried. It was I's fault, it was I…  Suddenly I's father's arms were around I. her father's held I gently as I turned to her father's and sobbed against her father's's chest. No, I, her father's murmured. Grieve for I's friend, but never blame I. I did not kill your friend. That murder lies at the Hound's door, the Hound's and the cruel woman the Hound's serves. I hate him and the cruel woman he serves, I confided, red-faced, sniffling. him and the cruel woman he serves. I hate him and the cruel woman he serves. Prince Joffrey lied, it wasn't the way Prince Joffrey said. I hate the cruel woman he serves too. I did remember, I just lied so Prince Joffrey would like I. We all lie, her father's said. Or did I truly think her father's'd believe that Nymeria ran off?Arya blushed guiltily. Jory promised not to tell. Jory kept Jory's word, Arya's father said with a smile. There are some things her father do not need to be told. Even a blind man could see Jory would never have left Arya willingly. We had to throw rocks, Jory said miserably. her father told Jory to run, to go be free, that her father didn't want Jory anymore. There were other wolves for Jory to play with, We heard other wolves for her to play with howling, and Jory said the woods were full of game, so Jory'd have deer to hunt. Jory kept following, and finally We had to throw rocks. her father hit Jory twice. Jory whined and looked at her father and her father felt so 'shamed, but it was right, wasn't it? The queen would have killed Jory. it was right, her father said. And even the lie was… not without honor. her father'd put Needle aside when her father went to Arya to embrace Arya.Now he took the blade up again and walked to the window, where he stood for a moment, looking out across the courtyard. When he turned back, he's eyes were thoughtful. he seated he on the window seat, Needle across he's lap. Arya, sit down. he need to try and explain some things to Arya. Arya perched anxiously on the edge of Arya's bed. Arya are too young to be burdened with all he's cares, he told Arya, but Arya are also a Stark of Winterfell. Arya know our words. Winter is coming, Arya whispered. The hard cruel times, Arya's said. our tasted The hard cruel times on the Trident, Arya, and when Bran fell. Arya were born in the long summer, Arya, Arya've never known anything else, but now the winter is truly coming. Remember the sigil of our's House, Arya. The direwolf, Arya said, thinking of Nymeria. Arya hugged Arya's knees against Arya's chest, suddenly afraid.Let me tell you something about wolves, you. When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, but the pack survives. Summer is the time for squabbles. In winter, we must protect one another, keep each other warm, share we's strengths. So if you must hate, you, hate those who would truly do we harm. Septa Mordane is a good woman, and Sansa… Sansa is you's sister. you may be as different as the sun and the moon, but the same blood flows through both you's hearts. you need Sansa, as Sansa needs you… and me need you, gods help me. me sounded so tired that it made you sad. you don't hate Sansa, you told me. Not truly. It was only half a lie. me do not mean to frighten you, but neither will me lie to you. We have come to a dark dangerous place, you. a dark dangerous place is not Winterfell.We have enemies who mean We ill. We cannot fight a war among We. This willfulness of yours, the running off, the angry words, the disobedience… at home, these were only the summer games of a child. Here and now, with winter soon upon We, that is a different matter. It is time to begin growing up. yours will, yours vowed. yours had never loved him so much as yours did in that instant. yours can be strong too. yours can be as strong as Robb. him held Needle out to yours, hilt first. Here. yours looked at Needle with wonder in yours's eyes. For a moment yours was afraid to touch Needle, afraid that if yours reached for Needle Needle would be snatched away again, but then him said, Go on, Needle's yours, and yours took Needle in yours's hand. yours can keep Needle? yours said. For true?For true. He smiled. If He took it away, no doubt He'd find a morningstar hidden under your pillow within the fortnight. Try not to stab your's sister, whatever the provocation. your won't. your promise. your clutched it tightly to your's chest as your's took He's leave. The next morning, as they broke they's fast, your apologized to Septa Mordane and asked for Septa Mordane's pardon. Septa Mordane peered at your suspiciously, but He nodded. Three days later, at midday, your's steward Vayon Poole sent your to the Small Hall. The trestle tables had been dismantled and the benches shoved against the walls. the Small Hall seemed empty, until an unfamiliar voice said, your are late, your. an unfamiliar voice stepped out of the shadows, holding a pair of slender wooden swords. Tomorrow your will be here at midday. an unfamiliar voice had an accent, the lilt of the Free Cities, Braavos perhaps, or Myr.Who are you? Arya asked. you am Arya's dancing master. you tossed Arya one of the wooden blades. Arya grabbed for one of the wooden blades, missed, and heard one of the wooden blades clatter to the floor. Tomorrow Arya will catch one of the wooden blades. Now pick one of the wooden blades up. one of the wooden blades was not just a stick, but a true wooden sword complete with grip and guard and pommel. Arya picked one of the wooden blades up and clutched one of the wooden blades nervously with both hands, holding one of the wooden blades out in front of Arya. one of the wooden blades was heavier than one of the wooden blades looked, much heavier than Needle. you clicked you's teeth together. That is not the way, Arya. one of the wooden blades is not a greatsword that is needing two hands to swing one of the wooden blades. Arya will take one of the wooden blades in one hand. one of the wooden blades's too heavy, Arya said.It is heavy as It needs to be to make you strong, and for the balancing. A hollow inside is filled with lead, just so. One hand now is all that is needing. Arya took Arya's right hand off the grip and wiped Arya's sweaty palm on Arya's pants. Arya held It in Arya's left hand. He seemed to approve. her left hand is good. All is reversed, All will make your enemies more awkward. Now Arya are standing wrong. Turn Arya's body sideface, yes, so. Arya are skinny as the shaft of a spear, do Arya know. are is good too, the target is smaller. Now the grip. Let me see.He moved closer and peered at her hand, prying her's fingers apart, rearranging her fingers. Just so, yes. Do not squeeze her hand so tight, no, the grip must be deft, delicate. What if her drop her hand? her said. The steel must be part of her's arm, He told her. Can her drop part of your arm? No. Nine years Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos, Syrio Forel knows these things. Listen to Syrio Forel, her. It was the third time Syrio Forel had called her boy. her'm a girl, her objected. Boy, girl, Syrio Forel said. her are a sword, are is all.He clicked He's teeth together. Just so, that is the grip. He are not holding a battle-axe, He are holding a—  —needle, Arya finished for He, fiercely. Just so. Now we will begin the dance. Remember, Arya, the dance is not the iron dance of Westeros we are learning, the knight's dance, hacking and hammering, no. the dance is the bravo's dance, the water dance, swift and sudden. All men are made of water, do Arya know are? When you pierce All men, the water leaks out and All men die. He took a step backward, raised He's own wooden blade. Now Arya will try to strike He. Arya tried to strike He. Arya tried for four hours, until every muscle in Arya's body was sore and aching, while He clicked his teeth together and told Arya what to do. The next day their real work began.