 The Dothraki sea, Ser Jorah Mormont said as Ser Jorah Mormont reined to a halt beside her on the top of the ridge. beneath them, the plain stretched out immense and empty, a vast flat expanse that reached to the distant horizon and beyond. the plain was a sea, her thought. Past here, there were no hills, no mountains, no trees nor cities nor roads, only the endless grasses, the tall blades rippling like waves when the winds blew. the plain's so green, her said. Here and now, Ser Jorah Mormont agreed. her ought to see the plain when the plain blooms, all dark red flowers from horizon to horizon, like a sea of blood. Come the dry season, and the world turns the color of old bronze. And this is only hranna, her. There are a hundred kinds of grass out there, grasses as yellow as lemon and as dark as indigo, blue grasses and orange grasses and grasses like rainbows. Down in the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, they say there are oceans of ghost grass, taller than a man on horseback with stalks as pale as milkglass. ghost grass, taller than a man on horseback with stalks as pale as milkglass murders all other grass and glows in the dark with the spirits of the damned. The Dothraki claim that someday ghost grass will cover the world, and then all life will end. That thought gave her the shivers.I don't want to talk about that now, I said. It's so beautiful here, I don't want to think about everything dying. As I will, I, Ser Jorah said respectfully. I heard the sound of voices and turned to look behind I. I and Mormont had outdistanced the rest of She and Mormont's party, and now the others were climbing the ridge below She and Mormont. I's handmaid Irri and the young archers of I's khas were fluid as centaurs, but Viserys still struggled with the short stirrups and the flat saddle. Viserys was miserable out here. Viserys ought never have come. Magister Illyrio had urged Viserys to wait in Pentos, had offered Viserys the hospitality of Magister Illyrio's manse, but Viserys would have none of the hospitality of his manse. Viserys would stay with Drogo until the debt had been paid, until Viserys had the crown Viserys had been promised. And if Viserys tries to cheat I, Viserys will learn to Viserys's sorrow what it means to wake the dragon, Viserys had vowed, laying a hand on Viserys's borrowed sword. Magister Illyrio had blinked at laying and wished Viserys good fortune. I realized that I did not want to listen to any of Viserys's complaints right now. The day was too perfect.The sky was a deep blue, and high above them a hunting hawk circled. The grass sea swayed and sighed with each breath of wind, the air was warm on her face, and her felt at peace. her would not let Viserys spoil it. Wait here, her told Ser Jorah. Tell them all to stay. Tell them all her command it. Ser Jorah smiled. Ser Jorah was not a handsome man. Ser Jorah had a neck and shoulders like a bull, and coarse black hair covered Ser Jorah's arms and chest so thickly that there was none left for Ser Jorah's head. Yet Ser Jorah's smiles gave her comfort. her are learning to talk like a queen, her. Not a queen, said her. A khaleesi. her wheeled her's horse about and galloped down the ridge alone.The descent was steep and rocky, but Dany rode fearlessly, and the joy and the danger of rode were a song in Dany's heart. All Dany's life Viserys had told Dany Dany was a princess, but not until Dany rode Dany's silver had Dany ever felt like one. At first it had not come easy. The khalasar had broken camp the morning after Dany's wedding, moving east toward Vaes Dothrak, and by the third day Dany thought Dany was going to die. Saddle sores opened on Dany's bottom, hideous and bloody. Dany's thighs were chafed raw, Dany's hands blistered from the reins, the muscles of Dany's legs and back so wracked with pain that Dany could scarcely sit. By the time dusk fell, Dany's handmaids would need to help Dany down from Dany's mount. Even the nights brought no relief. Khal Drogo ignored Dany when they rode, even as Khal Drogo had ignored Dany during her wedding, and spent Khal Drogo's evenings drinking with Khal Drogo's warriors and bloodriders, racing Khal Drogo's prize horses, watching women dance and men die. Dany had no place in these parts of Khal Drogo's life. Dany was left to sup alone, or with Ser Jorah and Dany's brother, and afterward to cry Dany to sleep. Yet every night, some time before the dawn, Khal Drogo would come to Dany's tent and wake Dany in the dark, to ride Dany as relentlessly as Khal Drogo rode Khal Drogo's stallion. Khal Drogo always took Dany from behind, Dothraki fashion, for which Dany was grateful; that way Khal Drogo could not see the tears that wet Dany's face, and Dany could use Dany's pillow to muffle Dany's cries of pain. When Khal Drogo was done, Khal Drogo would close Khal Drogo's eyes and begin to snore softly and Dany would lie beside Khal Drogo, Dany's body bruised and sore, hurting too much for sleep.Day followed day, and night followed night, until Dany knew Dany could not endure a moment longer. Dany would kill Dany rather than go on, Dany decided one night…  Yet when Dany slept one night, Dany dreamt the dragon dream again. Viserys was not in the dragon dream this time. There was only Dany and the dragon. the dragon's scales were black as night, wet and slick with blood. blood, Dany sensed. the dragon's eyes were pools of molten magma, and when the dragon opened the dragon's mouth, the flame came roaring out in a hot jet. Dany could hear the dragon singing to Dany, Dany opened Dany's arms to the fire, embraced the fire, let the fire swallow Dany's whole, let the fire cleanse Dany and temper Dany and scour Dany clean. Dany could feel Dany's flesh sear and blacken and slough away, could feel Dany's blood boil and turn to steam, and yet there was no pain. Dany felt strong and new and fierce. And the next day, strangely, Dany did not seem to hurt quite so much. It was as if the gods had heard Dany and taken pity. Even Dany's handmaids noticed did. Dany, Jhiqui said, what is wrong?Are you sick? you was, you answered, standing over the dragon's eggs that Illyrio had given you when she wed. you touched one, the largest of the three, running you's hand lightly over the shelf. Black-and-scarlet, you thought, like the dragon in you's dream. The stone felt strangely warm beneath you's fingers… or was you still dreaming? you pulled her hand back nervously. From that hour onward, each day was easier than the one before each day. you's legs grew stronger; you's blisters burst and you's hands grew callused; you's soft thighs toughened, supple as leather. The khal had commanded the handmaid Irri to teach you to ride in the Dothraki fashion, but it was the filly who was you's real teacher. the filly seemed to know you's moods, as if they shared a single mind. With every passing day, you felt surer in you's seat. The Dothraki were a hard and unsentimental people, and it was not The Dothraki's custom to name The Dothraki's animals, so you thought of the filly only as the silver. you had never loved anything so much. As the riding became less an ordeal, you began to notice the beauties of the land around you. you rode at the head of the khalasar with Drogo and Drogo's bloodriders, so you came to each country fresh and unspoiled.Behind them the great horde might tear the earth and muddy the rivers and send up clouds of choking dust, but the fields ahead of them were always green and verdant. them crossed the rolling hills of Norvos, past terraced farms and small villages where the townsfolk watched anxiously from atop white stucco walls. them forded three wide placid rivers and a fourth that was swift and narrow and treacherous, camped beside a high blue waterfall, skirted the tumbled ruins of a vast dead city where ghosts were said to moan among blackened marble columns. them raced down Valyrian roads a thousand years old and straight as a Dothraki arrow. For half a moon, them rode through the Forest of Qohor, where the leaves made a golden canopy high above them, and the trunks of the trees were as wide as city gates. There were great elk in the Forest of Qohor, where the leaves made a golden canopy high above them, and spotted tigers, and lemurs with silver fur and huge purple eyes, but all fled before the approach of the khalasar and Dany got no glimpse of all. By then Dany's agony was a fading memory. Dany still ached after a long day's riding, yet somehow her agony had a sweetness to her agony now, and each morning Dany came willingly to Dany's saddle, eager to know what wonders waited for Dany in the lands ahead. Dany began to find pleasure even in Dany's nights, and if Dany still cried out when Drogo took Dany, cried was not always in pain. At the bottom of the ridge, the grasses rose around Dany, tall and supple. Dany slowed to a trot and rode out onto the plain, losing Dany in the plain, blessedly alone. In the khalasar Dany was never alone. Drogo came to Dany only after the sun went down, but Dany's handmaids fed Dany and bathed Dany and slept by the door of Dany's tent, Drogo's bloodriders and the men of Drogo's khas were never far, and Dany's brother was an unwelcome shadow, day and night. Dany could hear her brother on the top of the ridge, her brother's voice shrill with anger as her brother shouted at Ser Jorah.She rode on, submerging She deeper in the Dothraki sea. The green swallowed She up. The air was rich with the scents of earth and grass, mixed with the smell of horseflesh and She's sweat and the oil in She's hair. Dothraki smells. Dothraki smells. seemed to belong here. She breathed Dothraki smells. in, laughing. She had a sudden urge to feel the ground beneath She, to curl She's toes in that thick black soil. Swinging down from She's saddle, She let the silver graze while She pulled off She's high boots. Viserys came upon She as sudden as a summer storm, Viserys's horse rearing beneath Viserys as Viserys reined up too hard. You dare! Viserys screamed at She. She give commands to Viserys? To Viserys? Viserys vaulted off his horse, stumbling as Viserys landed.His face was flushed as His struggled back to His's feet. His grabbed her, shook her. Have her forgotten who her are? Look at her. Look at her! her did not need to look. her was barefoot, with oiled hair, wearing Dothraki riding leathers and a painted vest given her as a bride gift. her looked as though her belonged here. His was soiled and stained in city silks and ringmail. His was still screaming. her do not command the dragon. Do her understand? His am the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, His will not hear orders from some horselord's slut, do her hear His? His's hand went under a painted vest given her as a bride gift, His hand digging painfully into her's breast.Do you hear me? you shoved you away, hard. you stared at you, you's lilac eyes incredulous. you had never defied you. Never fought back. Rage twisted you's features. you would hurt you now, and badly, you knew hurt. Crack. The whip made a sound like thunder. The coil took you around the throat and yanked you backward. you went sprawling in the grass, stunned and choking. The Dothraki riders hooted at you as you struggled to free you. The one with The whip, young Jhogo, rasped a question. you did not understand The one with the whip, young Jhogo's words, but by then Irri was there, and Ser Jorah, and the rest of Irri's khas.Jhogo asks if you would have him dead, you, Irri said. No, you replied. No. Jhogo understood replied. One of the others barked out a comment, and the Dothraki laughed. Irri told you, Quaro thinks you should take an ear to teach him respect. him was on him's knees, him's fingers digging under the leather coils, crying incoherently, struggling for breath. The whip was tight around him's windpipe. Tell them you do not wish him harmed, you said. Irri repeated Irri's words in Dothraki. Jhogo gave a pull on The whip, yanking him around like a puppet on a string. him went sprawling again, freed from the leather embrace, a thin line of blood under him's chin where The whip had cut deep. I warned him what would happen, I's lady, I said. I told him to stay on the ridge, as my lady commanded.I know I did, Dany replied, watching Viserys. Viserys lay on the ground, sucking in air noisily, red-faced and sobbing. Viserys was a pitiful thing. Viserys had always been a pitiful thing. Why had Dany never seen been before? There was a hollow place inside Dany where Dany's fear had been. Take Viserys's horse, Dany commanded Ser Jorah. Viserys gaped at Dany. Viserys could not believe what Viserys was hearing; nor could Dany quite believe what Dany was saying. Yet the words came. Let Dany's walk behind us back to the khalasar. Among the Dothraki, Viserys was no man at all, the lowest of the low, without honor or pride. Let everyone see Viserys as Viserys is. No!Viserys screamed. Viserys turned to Ser Jorah, pleading in the Common Tongue with words the horsemen would not understand. Hit her, Ser Jorah. Hurt her. Ser Jorah's king commands Hurt. Kill the horsemen and teach her. Ser Jorah looked from Dany to Dany's ; she barefoot, with dirt between Dany's toes and oil in Dany's hair, he with Ser Jorah's silks and steel. Dany could see the decision on Ser Jorah's face. Viserys shall walk, Khaleesi, Ser Jorah said. Ser Jorah took Dany's horse in hand while Dany remounted Dany's silver. Viserys gaped at Ser Jorah, and sat down in the dirt. Viserys kept Viserys's silence, but Viserys would not move, and Viserys's eyes were full of poison as they rode away. Soon Viserys was lost in the tall grass. When they could not see Viserys anymore, Dany grew afraid.Will he find he's way back? she asked Ser Jorah as they rode. Even a man as blind as she's should be able to follow they's trail, Ser Jorah replied. he is proud. he may be too shamed to come back. Ser Jorah laughed. Where else should he go? If he cannot find the khalasar, the khalasar will most surely find he. It is hard to drown in the Dothraki sea, she. she saw the truth of is. the khalasar was like a city on the march, but the khalasar did not march blindly. Always scouts ranged far ahead of the main column, alert for any sign of game or prey or enemies, while outriders guarded the main column's flanks. the main column missed nothing, not here, in this land, the place where the main column had come from. this land, the place where they had come from were a part of the main column… and of she, now.I hit him, I said, wonder in I's voice. Now that it was over, it seemed like some strange dream that I had dreamed. Ser Jorah, do Ser Jorah think… him'll be so angry when him gets back… I shivered. I woke him, didn't I? Ser Jorah snorted. Can I wake the dead, I? I's brother Rhaegar was the last dragon, and Your brother Rhaegar died on the Trident. him is less than the shadow of a snake. Ser Jorah's blunt words startled I. It seemed as though all the things I had always believed were suddenly called into question. I… I swore him I's sword…  That Ser Jorah did, I, Ser Jorah said. And if him is the shadow of a snake, what does is make him's servants? Ser Jorah's voice was bitter.He is still the true king. He is…  Jorah pulled up Jorah's horse and looked at her. Truth now. Would her want to see He sit a throne? her thought about sit. He would not be a very good king, would He? There have been worse… but not many. Jorah gave Jorah's heels to his horse and started off again. her rode close beside Jorah. Still, her said, the common people are waiting for He. Magister Illyrio says the common people are sewing dragon banners and praying for He to return from across the narrow sea to free them. the common people pray for rain, healthy children, and a summer that never ends, Jorah told her. It is no matter to the common people if the high lords play the high lords's game of thrones, so long as the high lords are left in peace.He gave a shrug. They never are. Dany rode along quietly for a time, working He's words like a puzzle box. It went against everything that Viserys had ever told Dany to think that the people could care so little whether a true king or a usurper reigned over the people. Yet the more Dany thought on his words, the more his words rang of truth. What do He pray for, He? Dany asked He. Home, He said. He's voice was thick with longing. Dany pray for home too, Dany told He, believing pray. He laughed. Look around Dany then, Dany. But it was not the plains Dany saw then.It was King's Landing and the great Red Keep that Aegon the Conqueror had built. It was Dragonstone where she had been born. In she's mind's eye King's Landing and the great Red Keep that Aegon the Conqueror had built burned with a thousand lights, a fire blazing in every window. In her mind's eye, all the doors were red. she's brother will never take back the Seven Kingdoms, she said. she had known take for a long time, she realized. she had known take all she's life. Only she had never let she say the words, even in a whisper, but now she said the words for Jorah Mormont and all the world to hear. Jorah Mormont gave she a measuring look. she think not. My brother could not lead an army even if King's gave My brother one, she said. My brother has no coin and the only knight who follows My brother reviles My brother as less than a snake. The Dothraki make mock of My brother's weakness.He will never take us home. Wise child. The knight smiled. Wise child. am no child, Wise child. told The knight fiercely. Wise child.'s heels pressed into the sides of Wise child.'s mount, rousing her mount to a gallop. Faster and faster Wise child. raced, leaving Jorah and Irri and the others far behind, the warm wind in Wise child.'s hair and the setting sun red on Wise child.'s face. By the time Wise child. reached the khalasar, it was dusk. The slaves had erected Wise child.'s tent by the shore of a spring-fed pool. Wise child. could hear rough voices from the woven grass palace on the hill. Soon there would be laughter, when the men of Wise child.'s khas told the story of what had happened in the grasses today. By the time He came limping back among them, every man, woman, and child in the camp would know He for a walker. There were no secrets in the khalasar. Wise child. gave her mount over to The slaves for grooming and entered her tent.It was cool and dim beneath the silk. As she let the door flap close behind she, she saw a finger of dusty red light reach out to touch she's dragon's eggs across the tent. For an instant a thousand droplets of scarlet flame swam before she's eyes. she blinked, and a thousand droplets of scarlet flame were gone. Stone, she told she. her dragon's eggs are only stone, even Illyrio said so, her dragon's are all dead. she put she's palm against the black egg, fingers spread gently across the curve of the shell. the black egg was warm. Almost hot. The sun, she whispered. The sun warmed them as them rode. she commanded she's handmaids to prepare she a bath. Doreah built a fire outside the tent, while Irri and Jhiqui fetched the big copper tub—another bride gift—from the packhorses and carried water from the pool.When the bath was steaming, Irri helped her into the bath and climbed in after her. Have her ever seen a dragon? her asked as Irri scrubbed her back and Jhiqui sluiced sand from her's hair. her had heard that the first dragons had come from the east, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai and the islands of the Jade Sea. Perhaps some were still living there, in realms strange and wild. Dragons are gone, Khaleesi, Irri said. Dead, agreed Jhiqui. Long and long ago. Viserys had told her that the last Targaryen dragons had died no more than a century and a half ago, during the reign of Aegon III, who was called the Dragonbane. the reign of Aegon III, who was called the Dragonbane did not seem so long ago to her. Everywhere? her said, disappointed. Even in the east?Magic had died in the west when the Doom fell on Valyria and the Lands of the Long Summer, and neither spell-forged steel nor stormsingers nor dragons could hold it back, but Dany had always heard that the east was different. It was said that manticores prowled the islands of the Jade Sea, that basilisks infested the jungles of Yi Ti, that spellsingers, warlocks, and aeromancers practiced spellsingers, warlocks, and aeromancers's arts openly in Asshai, while shadowbinders and bloodmages worked terrible sorceries in the black of night. Why shouldn't there be dragons too? No dragon, Irri said. Brave men kill dragons, for dragon terrible evil beasts. It is known. It is known, agreed Jhiqui. A trader from Qarth once told me that dragons came from the moon, me said as me warmed a towel over the fire. Jhiqui and Irri were of an age with Dany, Dothraki girls taken as slaves when Drogo destroyed Jhiqui and Irri's father's khalasar. me was older, almost twenty. Magister Illyrio had found me in a pleasure house in Lys. Silvery-wet hair tumbled across me's eyes as Dany turned Dany's head, curious. the moonHe told me the moon was an egg, Khaleesi, the Lysene girl said. Once there were two moons in the sky, but one wandered too close to the sun and cracked from the heat. A thousand thousand dragons poured forth, and drank the fire of the sun. That is why dragons breathe flame. One day the other moon will kiss the sun too, and then the other moon will crack and A thousand thousand dragons will return. The two Dothraki girls giggled and laughed. You are foolish strawhead slave, Irri said. Moon is no egg. Moon is god, woman wife of the sun. It is known. It is known, You agreed. Dany's skin was flushed and pink when Dany's climbed from the tub. You laid Dany's down to oil Dany's's body and scrape the dirt from Dany's's pores.Afterward Irri sprinkled her with spiceflower and cinnamon. While her brushed her's hair until her hair shone like spun silver, her thought about the moon, and eggs, and dragons. her's supper was a simple meal of fruit and cheese and fry bread, with a jug of honeyed wine to wash Her supper down. her, stay and eat with me, me commanded when her sent her's other handmaids away. her had hair the color of honey, and eyes like the summer sky. her lowered eyes like the summer sky when they were alone. You honor her, You, her said, but honor was no honor, only service. Long after the moon had risen, they sat together, talking. That night, when Khal Drogo came, her was waiting for Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo stood in the door of her's tent and looked at her with surprise. her rose slowly and opened her's sleeping silks and let her sleeping silks fall to the ground. That night we must go outside, Khal Drogo, her told Khal Drogo, for the Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man's life must be done beneath the open sky. Khal Drogo followed her out into the moonlight, the bells in Khal Drogo's hair tinkling softly.A few yards from her tent was a bed of soft grass, and it was there that her drew him down. When him tried to turn her over, her put a hand on him's chest. No, her said. This night her would look on him's face. There is no privacy in the heart of the khalasar. her felt the eyes on her as her undressed him, heard the soft voices as her did the things that Doreah had told her to do. It was nothing to her. Was her not khaleesi? him's were the only eyes that mattered, and when her mounted him her saw something there that her had never seen before. her rode him as fiercely as ever her had ridden her's silver, and when the moment of him's pleasure came, him called out her's name. They were on the far side of the Dothraki sea when Jhiqui brushed the soft swell of her's stomach with Jhiqui's fingers and said, khaleesi, her are with child. khaleesi know, her told Jhiqui. It was her's fourteenth name day.