 In the yard below, Rickon ran with the wolves. Bran watched from Bran's window seat. Wherever Rickon went, Grey Wind was there first, loping ahead to cut Rickon off, until Rickon saw Rickon, screamed in delight, and went pelting off in another direction. Shaggydog ran at Rickon's heels, spinning and snapping if the other wolves came too close. Shaggydog's fur had darkened until Shaggydog was all black, and Shaggydog's eyes were green fire. Bran's Summer came last. Shaggydog was silver and smoke, with eyes of yellow gold that saw all there was to see. Smaller than Grey Wind, and more wary. Bran thought Shaggydog was the smartest of the litter. Bran could hear Rickon's breathless laughter as Rickon dashed across the hard-packed earth on little baby legs. Bran's eyes stung. Bran wanted to be down there, laughing and running. Angry at the thought, Bran knuckled away the tears before the tears could fall. Bran's eighth name day had come and gone. Bran was almost a man grown now, too old to cry.It was just a lie, he said bitterly, remembering the crow from he's dream. he can't fly. he can't even run. Crows are all liars, Old Nan agreed, from the chair where Old Nan sat doing Old Nan's needlework. Old Nan know a story about a crow. he don't want any more stories, he snapped, he's voice petulant. he had liked Old Nan and Old Nan's stories once. Before. But it was different now. They left Old Nan with he all day now, to watch over he and clean he and keep he from being lonely, but Old Nan just made it worse. he hate her stories. Old Nan smiled at he toothlessly. her stories No, Old Nan's , not Old Nan. her stories are, before Old Nan and after Old Nan, before he.She was a very ugly old woman, Bran thought spitefully; shrunken and wrinkled, almost blind, too weak to climb stairs, with only a few wisps of white hair left to cover a mottled pink scalp. No one really knew how old She was, but Bran's father said She'd been called She even when his father was a boy. She was the oldest person in Winterfell for certain, maybe the oldest person in the Seven Kingdoms. She had come to Winterfell as a wet nurse for a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing him. a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing him had been an older brother of Lord Rickard, Bran's grandfather, or perhaps a younger brother, or a brother to Lord Rickard, Bran's grandfather's father. Sometimes She told it one way and sometimes another. In all the stories a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing him died at three of a summer chill, but She stayed on at Winterfell with She's own children. She had lost both She's sons to the war when King Robert won the throne, and She's grandson was killed on the walls of Pyke during Balon Greyjoy's rebellion. She's daughters had long ago married and moved away and died. All that was left of She's own blood was Hodor, the simpleminded giant who worked in the stables, but She just lived on and on, doing She's needlework and telling She's stories. Bran don't care whose stories her stories are, Bran told She, Bran hate her stories. Bran didn't want stories and Bran didn't want She. Bran wanted Bran's mother and father. Bran wanted to go running with Summer loping beside Bran. Bran wanted to climb the broken tower and feed corn to the crows.He wanted to ride He's pony again with He's brothers. He wanted it to be the way it had been before. I know a story about a boy who hated stories, I said with I's stupid little smile, I's needles moving all the while, click click click, until He was ready to scream at I. It would never be the way it had been, He knew. The crow had tricked He into flying, but when He woke up He was broken and the world was changed. They had all left He, He's father and He's mother and He's sisters and even He's bastard brother Jon. his father had promised He would ride a real horse to King's Landing, but They'd gone without He. Maester Luwin had sent a bird after Lord Eddard with a message, and another to his mother and a third to Jon on the Wall, but there had been no answers. Ofttimes the birds are lost, He, Maester Luwin had told He. There's many a mile and many a hawk between here and King's Landing, a message may not have reached the birds. Yet to He it felt as if They had all died while He had slept… or perhaps He had died, and They had forgotten He. Jory and Ser Rodrik and Vayon Poole had gone too, and Hullen and Harwin and Fat Tom and a quarter of the guard. Only Robb and baby Rickon were still here, and Robb was changed. Robb was Robb the Lord now, or trying to be. Robb wore a real sword and never smiled.His days were spent drilling the guard and practicing His's swordplay, making the yard ring with the sound of steel as Bran watched forlornly from Bran's window. At night His closeted His with Maester Luwin, talking or going over account books. Sometimes His would ride out with Hallis Mollen and be gone for days at a time, visiting distant holdfasts. Whenever His was away more than a day, Rickon would cry and ask Bran if His was ever coming back. Even when His was home at Winterfell, His seemed to have more time for Hallis Mollen and Theon Greyjoy than His ever did for His's brothers. I could tell Bran the story about Brandon the Builder, I said. the story about Brandon the Builder was always Bran's favorite. Thousands and thousands of years ago, Brandon the Builder had raised Winterfell, and some said the Wall. Bran knew the story about Brandon the Builder, but the story about Brandon the Builder had never been Bran's favorite. Maybe one of the other Brandons had liked the story about Brandon the Builder. Sometimes I would talk to Bran as if Bran were I's Brandon, the baby I had nursed all those years ago, and sometimes I confused Bran with Bran's uncle Brandon, who was killed by the Mad King before Bran was even born. I had lived so long, Mother had told Bran once, that the other Brandons had become one person in I's head. the story about Brandon the Builder's not Bran's favorite, Bran said. Bran's favorites were the scary ones. Bran heard some sort of commotion outside and turned back to his window.Rickon was running across the yard toward the gatehouse, the wolves following Rickon, but the gatehouse faced the wrong way for Bran to see what was happening. Rickon smashed a fist on Rickon's thigh in frustration and felt nothing. Oh, my sweet summer child, my said quietly, what do my sweet summer child know of fear? Fear is for the winter, my sweet summer child, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep and the ice wind comes howling out of the north. Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides the sun's face for years at a time, and little children are born and live and die all in darkness while the direwolves grow gaunt and hungry, and the white walkers move through the woods. my mean the Others, Bran said querulously. the Others, my agreed. Thousands and thousands of years ago, a winter fell that was cold and hard and endless beyond all memory of man. There came a night that lasted a generation, and kings shivered and died in kings's castles even as the swineherds in the swineherds in their hovels's hovels. Women smothered Women's children rather than see their children starve, and cried, and felt Women's tears freeze on Women's cheeks. my's voice and my's needles fell silent, and my glanced up at Bran with pale, filmy eyes and asked, So, Bran. This is the sort of story Bran like? Well, Bran said reluctantly, yes, only…  my nodded. In that darkness, the Others came for the first time, my said as her needles went click click click. the Others were cold things, dead things, that hated iron and fire and the touch of the sun, and every creature with hot blood in every creature with hot blood in its veins's veins.They swept over holdfasts and cities and kingdoms, felled heroes and armies by the score, riding They's pale dead horses and leading hosts of the slain. All the swords of men could not stay They's advance, and even maidens and suckling babes found no pity in They. They hunted the maids through frozen forests, and fed They's dead servants on the flesh of human children. Her voice had dropped very low, almost to a whisper, and Bran found Bran leaning forward to listen. Now these were the days before the Andals came, and long before the women fled across the narrow sea from the cities of the Rhoyne, and the hundred kingdoms of these were the kingdoms of the First Men, who had taken these from the children of the forest. Yet here and there in the fastness of the woods the children of the forest still lived in the children of the forest's wooden cities and hollow hills, and the faces in the trees kept watch. So as cold and death filled the earth, the last hero determined to seek out the children of the forest, in the hopes that the children of the forest's ancient magics could win back what the armies of men had lost. the last hero set out into the dead lands with a sword, a horse, a dog, and a dozen companions. For years the last hero searched, until the last hero despaired of ever finding the children of the forest in their wooden cities and hollow hills. One by one a dozen companions died, and a horse, and finally a dog, and a sword froze so hard the blade snapped when the last hero tried to use a sword. And the Others smelled the hot blood in the last hero, and came silent on the last hero's trail, stalking the last hero with packs of pale white spiders big as hounds—  The door opened with a bang, and Bran's heart leapt up into Bran's mouth in sudden fear, but it was only Maester Luwin, with Hodor looming in the stairway behind only Maester Luwin, with Hodor looming in the stairway behind him. Hodor! Hodor announced, as was Hodor's custom, smiling hugely at them all. only Maester Luwin, with Hodor looming in the stairway behind him was not smiling. We have visitors, only Maester Luwin, with Hodor looming in the stairway behind him announced, and Bran's presence is required, Bran.I'm listening to a story now, I complained. Stories wait, I, and when I come back to Stories, why, there Stories are, Old Nan said. Visitors are not so patient, and ofttimes Visitors bring stories of Visitors's own. Who is Visitors? I asked Maester Luwin. Tyrion Lannister, and some men of the Night's Watch, with word from I's brother Jon. Robb is meeting with Visitors now. Hodor, will Hodor help I down to the hall? Hodor Hodor agreed happily. Hodor ducked to get Hodor's great shaggy head under the door. Hodor was nearly seven feet tall. It was hard to believe that Hodor was the same blood as Old Nan. I wondered if Hodor would shrivel up as small as Hodor's great-grandmother when Hodor was old. It did not seem likely, even if Hodor lived to be a thousand.Hodor lifted Bran as easy as if Bran were a bale of hay, and cradled Bran against Hodor's massive chest. Hodor always smelled faintly of horses, but it was not a bad smell. Hodor's arms were thick with muscle and matted with brown hair. Hodor, Hodor said again. Theon Greyjoy had once commented that Hodor did not know much, but no one could doubt that Hodor knew Hodor's name. Old Nan had cackled like a hen when Bran told Old Nan knew, and confessed that Hodor's real name was Walder. No one knew where Hodor had come from, Old Nan said, but when Hodor started saying Walder, they started calling Hodor by Walder. Walder was the only word Hodor had. They left Old Nan in the tower room with Old Nan's needles and Old Nan's memories. Hodor hummed tunelessly as Hodor carried Bran down the steps and through the gallery, with Maester Luwin following behind, hurrying to keep up with Hodor's long strides. Robb was seated in Father's high seat, wearing ringmail and boiled leather and the stern face of Robb. Theon Greyjoy and Hallis Mollen stood behind Robb. A dozen guardsmen lined the grey stone walls beneath tall narrow windows. In the center of the room Hodor stood with Hodor's servants, and four strangers in the black of the Night's Watch. Bran could sense the anger in the hall the moment that Hodor carried Bran through the doors.Any man of the Night's Watch is welcome here at Winterfell for as long as Any man of the Night's Watch wishes to stay, Robb was saying with the voice of Robb. Robb's sword was across Robb's knees, His sword bare for all the world to see. Even Bran knew what it meant to greet a guest with an unsheathed sword. Any man of the Night's Watch, Robb repeated, but not Robb, do Robb take your meaning, your? Robb stood and pointed at your with His sword. Robb am the lord here while Robb's mother and father are away, Lannister. Robb am not Lannister's boy. If Robb are a lord, Robb might learn a lord's courtesy, your replied, ignoring pointed. Lannister's bastard brother has all my mother and father's graces, it would seem. Jon, Even Bran gasped out from Hodor's arms. Robb turned to look at Even Bran. So it is true, Jon lives. Robb could scarce believe lives. You Starks are hard to kill. Lannister had best remember are, Robb said, lowering His sword.Hodor, bring my brother here. Hodor, Hodor said, and Hodor trotted forward smiling and set my brother in the high seat of the Starks, where the Lords of Winterfell had sat since the days when the Lords of Winterfell called the Lords of Winterfell the Kings in the North. the high seat of the Starks, where the Lords of Winterfell had sat since the days when they called themselves the Kings in the North was cold stone, polished smooth by countless bottoms; the carved heads of direwolves snarled on the ends of the high seat of the Starks, where the Lords of Winterfell had sat since the days when they called themselves the Kings in the North's massive arms. my brother clasped the carved heads of direwolves as my brother sat, my brother's useless legs dangling. the high seat of the Starks, where the Lords of Winterfell had sat since the days when they called themselves the Kings in the North made my brother feel half a baby. Robb put a hand on my brother's shoulder. Robb said Robb had business with my brother. Well, here my brother is, Lannister. my brother was uncomfortably aware of Tyrion Lannister's eyes. One was black and one was green, and Tyrion Lannister's eyes were looking at my brother, studying my brother, weighing my brother. Tyrion Lannister's am told my brother were quite the climber, my brother, Tyrion Lannister's said at last. Tell Tyrion Lannister's, how is it my brother happened to fall that day? my brother never, my brother insisted. my brother never fell, never never never.The child does not remember anything of the fall, or the climb that came before the fall, said Maester Luwin gently. Curious, said Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister is not here to answer questions, Tyrion Lannister, Robb said curtly. Do Tyrion Lannister's business and be on Tyrion Lannister's way. Tyrion Lannister have a gift for The child, Tyrion Lannister said to The child. Do The child like to ride, The child? Maester Luwin came forward. Maester Luwin's , The child has lost the use of The child's legs. The child cannot sit a horse. Nonsense, said Tyrion Lannister. With the right horse and the right saddle, even a cripple can ride. The word was a knife through The child's heart. The child felt tears come unbidden to The child's eyes. The child'm not a cripple!Then I am not a dwarf, I said with a twist of I's mouth. I's father will rejoice to hear am. Greyjoy laughed. What sort of horse and saddle are I suggesting? Maester Luwin asked. A smart horse, I replied. The boy cannot use The boy's legs to command The boy, so you must shape The boy to the rider, teach The boy to respond to the reins, to the voice. I would begin with an unbroken yearling, with no old training to be unlearned. I drew a rolled paper from I's belt. Give a rolled paper to you's saddler. your saddler will provide the rest. Maester Luwin took a rolled paper from the dwarfs hand, curious as a small grey squirrel. Maester Luwin unrolled a rolled paper, studied a rolled paper. Maester Luwin see.You draw nicely, You. Yes, this ought to work. You should have thought of this You. It came easier to You, You. It is not terribly unlike You's own saddles. Will I truly be able to ride? I asked. I wanted to believe them, but I was afraid. Perhaps it was just another lie. The crow had promised I that I could fly. I will, You told I. And You swear to I, I, on horseback I will be as tall as any of them. Robb Stark seemed puzzled. Is this some trap, You?What's Bran to you? Why should you want to help Bran? you's brother Jon asked help of you. And you have a tender spot in you's heart for cripples and bastards and broken things. you placed a hand over you's heart and grinned. The door to the yard flew open. Sunlight came streaming across the hall as Rickon burst in, breathless. The direwolves were with Rickon. Rickon stopped by The door to the yard, wide-eyed, but The direwolves came on. The direwolves's eyes found you, or perhaps The direwolves caught you's scent. Summer began to growl first. Grey Wind picked Summer up. The direwolves padded toward you, one from the right and one from the left. The direwolves do not like his scent, you, Theon Greyioy commented.Perhaps it's time I took I's leave, I said. I took a step backward… and Shaggydog came out of the shadows behind I, snarling. I recoiled, and Shaggydog lunged at I from the other side. I reeled away, unsteady on I's feet, and Grey Wind snapped at I's arm, teeth ripping at I's sleeve and tearing loose a scrap of cloth. No! Bran shouted from the high seat as I's men reached for Lannister's men's steel. Shaggydog, here. Shaggydog, to Bran! Shaggydog heard shouted, glanced at Bran, and again at I. Shaggydog crept backward, away from I, and settled down below Bran's dangling feet. Robb had been holding Robb's breath. Robb let his breath out with a sigh and called, Grey Wind. Robb's moved to Robb, swift and silent. Now there was only Shaggydog, rumbling at Robb, Shaggydog's eyes burning like green fire.Rickon, call Rickon, Bran shouted to Bran's , and Rickon remembered Rickon and screamed, Home, Shaggy, home now. Shaggy gave Lannister one final snarl and bounded off to RickonShaggy . Lannister undid Lannister's scarf, mopped at Lannister's brow, and said in a flat voice, How interesting. Are Lannister well, Lannister? asked one of Lannister's men, one of his men's sword in hand. one of his men glanced nervously at the direwolves as one of his men spoke. one of his men's sleeve is torn and one of his men's breeches are unaccountably damp, but nothing was harmed save one of his men's dignity. Even Robb looked shaken. the direwolves… Even Robb don't know why the direwolves did that…  No doubt the direwolves mistook Even Robb for dinner. Lannister bowed stiffly to Bran. Lannister thank Bran for calling the direwolves off, Bran. Lannister promise Bran, the direwolves would have found Lannister quite indigestible. And now Lannister will be leaving, truly. A moment, Lannister, Maester Luwin said.He moved to Robb and they huddled close together, whispering. Bran tried to hear what they were saying, but they's voices were too low. Robb finally sheathed Robb's sword. Robb… Robb may have been hasty with you, Robb said. you've done Bran a kindness, and, well… Robb composed Robb with an effort. The hospitality of Winterfell is you's if you wish The hospitality of Winterfell, you. Spare Robb Robb's false courtesies, Robb. Robb do not love Robb and Robb do not want Robb here. Robb saw an inn outside Robb's walls, in the winter town. Robb'll find a bed there, and both of us will sleep easier. For a few coppers Robb may even find a comely wench to warm the sheets for Robb. Robb spoke to one of the black brothers, an old man with a twisted back and a tangled beard. one of the black brothers, an old man with a twisted back and a tangled beard, we go south at daybreak. one of the black brothers, an old man with a twisted back and a tangled beard will find Robb on the road, no doubt.With that he made he's exit, struggling across the hall on he's short legs, past Rickon and out the door. he's men followed. The four of the Night's Watch remained. Robb turned to The four of the Night's Watch uncertainly. Robb have had rooms prepared, and The four of the Night's Watch'll find no lack of hot water to wash off the dust of the road. Robb hope The four of the Night's Watch will honor us at table tonight. Robb spoke the words so awkwardly that even Bran took note; the words was a speech even Bran had learned, not words from the heart, but The four of the Night's Watch thanked Robb all the same. Summer followed The four of the Night's Watch up the tower steps as Hodor carried even Bran back to even Bran's bed. Old Nan was asleep in Old Nan's chair. Hodor said Hodor, gathered up Hodor's , and carried Old Nan off, snoring softly, while even Bran lay thinking. Robb had promised that Robb could feast with the Night's Watch in the Great Hall. Summer, Robb called. Summer bounded up on his bed. even Bran hugged Summer so hard even Bran could feel the hot breath on even Bran's cheek.I can ride now, I whispered to I's friend. We can go hunting in the woods soon, wait and see. After a time I slept. In I's dream I was climbing again, pulling I up an ancient windowless tower, I's fingers forcing his fingers between blackened stones, I's feet scrabbling for purchase. Higher and higher I climbed, through the clouds and into the night sky, and still an ancient windowless tower rose before I. When I paused to look down, I's head swam dizzily and I felt his fingers slipping. I cried out and clung for dear life. The earth was a thousand miles beneath I and I could not fly. I could not fly. I waited until I's heart had stopped pounding, until I could breathe, and I began to climb again. There was no way to go but up. Far above I, outlined against a vast pale moon, I thought I could see the shapes of gargoyles. I's arms were sore and aching, but I dared not rest. I forced I to climb faster.The gargoyles watched him ascend. The gargoyles's eyes glowed red as hot coals in a brazier. Perhaps once The gargoyles had been lions, but now The gargoyles were twisted and grotesque. him could hear The gargoyles whispering to each other in soft stone voices terrible to hear. him must not listen, him told him, him must not hear, so long as him did not hear The gargoyles him was safe. But when The gargoyles pulled The gargoyles loose from the stone and padded down the side of the tower to where him clung, him knew him was not safe after all. him didn't hear, him wept as The gargoyles came closer and closer, him didn't, him didn't. him woke gasping, lost in darkness, and saw a vast shadow looming over him. him didn't hear, him whispered, trembling in fear, but then a vast shadow said Hodor, and lit the candle by the bedside, and him sighed with relief. Hodor washed the sweat from him with a warm, damp cloth and dressed him with deft and gentle hands. When it was time, Hodor carried him down to the Great Hall, where a long trestle table had been set up near the fire. The lord's seat at the head of a long trestle table had been left empty, but Robb sat to the right of The lord's seat at the head of the table, with him across from Robb. They ate suckling pig that night, and pigeon pie, and turnips soaking in butter, and afterward the cook had promised honeycombs. Summer snatched table scraps from him's hand, while Grey Wind and Shaggydog fought over a bone in the corner.Winterfell's dogs would not come near the hall now. Bran had found come strange at first, but Bran was growing used to come. Yoren was senior among the black brothers, so the steward had seated Yoren between Robb and Maester Luwin. The old man had a sour smell, as if The old man had not washed in a long time. The old man ripped at the meat with The old man's teeth, cracked the ribs to suck out the marrow from the bones, and shrugged at the mention of Jon Snow. Ser Alliser's bane, The old man grunted, and two of The old man's companions shared a laugh that Bran did not understand. But when Robb asked for news of his companions's uncle Benjen, the black brothers grew ominously quiet. What is it? Bran asked. Yoren wiped Yoren's fingers on Yoren's vest. There's hard news, m'lords, and a cruel way to pay m'lords for m'lords's meat and mead, but the man as asks the question must bear the answer. Stark's gone. One of the other men said, Ser Alliser's sent Stark out to look for Waymar Royce, and Stark's late returning, One of the other men's lord. Too long, Yoren said.Most like he's dead. he is not dead, My said loudly, anger in My's tones. My rose from the bench and laid My's hand on the hilt of My's sword. Do you hear My? My's is not dead! My's voice rang against the stone walls, and Bran was suddenly afraid. Old sour-smelling Yoren looked up at My, unimpressed. Whatever My say, My, Old sour-smelling Yoren said. Old sour-smelling Yoren sucked at a piece of meat between Old sour-smelling Yoren's teeth. The youngest of the black brothers shifted uncomfortably in The youngest of the black brothers's seat. There's not a man on the Wall knows the haunted forest better than he. he'll find he's way back. Well, said Old sour-smelling Yoren, maybe he will and maybe he won't. Good men have gone into the haunted forest before, and never come out.All Bran could think of was Old Nan's story of the Others and the last hero, hounded through the white woods by dead men and spiders big as hounds. Bran was afraid for a moment, until Bran remembered how Old Nan's story of the Others and the last hero, hounded through the white woods by dead men and spiders big as hounds ended. The children will help Bran, Bran blurted, The childrenthe white woods! Theon Greyjoy sniggered, and Maester Luwin said, Bran, The children the white woods have been dead and gone for thousands of years. All that is left of The children are the faces in the trees. Down here, might be are's true, Maester Luwin, Yoren said, but up past the Wall, who's to say? Up there, a man can't always tell what's alive and what's dead. That night, after the plates had been cleared, Robb carried Bran up to bed Robb. Grey Wind led the way, and Summer came close behind. Robb was strong for Robb's age, and Bran was as light as a bundle of rags, but the stairs were steep and dark, and Robb was breathing hard by the time they reached the top. Robb put Bran into bed, covered Bran with blankets, and blew out the candle. For a time Robb sat beside Bran in the dark. Bran wanted to talk to Robb, but Bran did not know what to say. We'll find a horse for Bran, Robb promise, Robb whispered at last.Are they ever coming back? Bran asked him. Yes, him said with such hope in him's voice that Bran knew Bran was hearing Bran's and not just Robb the Lord. Mother will be home soon. Maybe we can ride out to meet Mother when Mother comes. Wouldn't that surprise Mother, to see we ahorse? Even in the dark room, Bran could feel Bran's smile. And afterward, we'll ride north to see the Wall. we won't even tell Jon we're coming, we'll just be there one day, we. It will be an adventure. An adventure, Bran repeated wistfully. Bran heard Bran's sob. the dark room was so dark Bran could not see the tears on him's face, so Bran reached out and found him's hand. Their fingers twined together.