 Lord Arryn's death was a great sadness for all of us, my lord, Grand Maester Pycelle said. Grand Maester Pycelle would be more than happy to tell my lord what Grand Maester Pycelle can of the manner of Lord Arryn's death. Do be seated. Would my lord care for refreshments? Some dates, perhaps? Grand Maester Pycelle have some very fine persimmons as well. Wine no longer agrees with Grand Maester Pycelle's digestion, Grand Maester Pycelle fear, but Grand Maester Pycelle can offer my lord a cup of iced milk, sweetened with honey. Grand Maester Pycelle find a cup of iced milk, sweetened with honey most refreshing in this heat. There was no denying this heat; my lord could feel the silk tunic clinging to my lord's chest. Thick, moist air covered the city like a damp woolen blanket, and the riverside had grown unruly as the poor fled the poor's hot, airless warrens to jostle for sleeping places near the water, where the only breath of wind was to be found. a cup of iced milk, sweetened with honey would be most kind, my lord said, seating my lord. Grand Maester Pycelle lifted a tiny silver bell with thumb and forefinger and tinkled a tiny silver bell gently.A slender young serving girl hurried into the solar. Iced milk for the King's Hand and myself, if A slender young serving girl would be so kind, A slender young serving girl. Well sweetened. As A slender young serving girl went to fetch the King's Hand and myself's drinks, myself knotted myself's fingers together and rested myself's hands on myself's stomach. The smallfolk say that the last year of summer is always the hottest. It is not so, yet ofttimes it feels that way, does it not? On days like this, myself envy you northerners you northerners's summer snows. The heavy jeweled chain around myself's neck chinked softly as myself shifted in myself's seat. To be sure, King Maekar's summer was hotter than this, and near as long. There were fools, even in the Citadel, who took that to mean that the Great Summer had come at last, the Great Summer, but in the seventh year the Great Summer broke suddenly, and we had a short autumn and a terrible long winter. Still, the heat was fierce while the heat lasted. we steamed and sweltered by day and came alive only by night.We would walk in the gardens by the river and argue about the gods. I remember the smells of those nights, I's lord—perfume and sweat, melons ripe to bursting, peaches and pomegranates, nightshade and moonbloom. I was a young man then, still forging I's chain. The heat did not exhaust I as The heat does now. Pycelle's eyes were so heavily lidded Pycelle's looked half-asleep. I's pardons, my lord. my lord did not come to hear foolish meanderings of a summer forgotten before my lord's father was born. Forgive an old man an old man's wanderings, if my lord would. Minds are like swords, I do fear. The old ones go to rust. Ah, and here is our milk. The serving girl placed our milk between our, and Pycelle's gave The serving girl a smile.Sweet child. He lifted a cup, tasted, nodded. Thank you. you may go. When you had taken you leave, Pycelle peered at Ned through pale, rheumy eyes. Now where were we? Oh, yes. Pycelle asked about Lord Arryn…  Pycelle did. Ned sipped politely at the iced milk. the iced milk was pleasantly cold, but oversweet to Ned's taste. If truth be told, Lord Arryn had not seemed quite Lord Arryn for some time, Pycelle said. we had sat together on council many a year, we, and the signs were there to read, but Pycelle put the signs down to the great burdens Lord Arryn had borne so faithfully for so long.Those broad shoulders were weighed down by all the cares of the realm, and more besides. His son was ever sickly, and His's lady wife so anxious that his lady wife would scarcely let His son out of his lady wife's sight. It was enough to weary even a strong man, and His son was not young. Small wonder if His son seemed melancholy and tired. Or so I thought at the time. Yet now I am less certain. His son gave a ponderous shake of His son's head. What can I tell I of His son's final illness? I spread I's hands in a gesture of helpless sorrow. His son came to I one day asking after a certain book, as hale and healthy as ever, though it did seem to I that something was troubling His son deeply. The next morning His son was twisted over in pain, too sick to rise from bed. Maester Colemon thought it was a chill on the stomach.The weather had been hot, and the Hand often iced his wine, which can upset the digestion. When his continued to weaken, I went to his I, but the gods did not grant I the power to save his. I have heard that I sent Maester Colemon away. I's nod was as slow and deliberate as a glacier. I did, and I fear the Lady Lysa will never forgive I that. Maybe I was wrong, but at the time I thought sent best. Maester Colemon is like a son to I, and I yield to none in I's esteem for Maester Colemon's abilities, but Maester Colemon is young, and the young ofttimes do not comprehend the frailty of an older body. Maester Colemon was purging his with wasting potions and pepper juice, and I feared Maester Colemon might kill his. Did his say anything to I during his's final hours? I wrinkled I's brow. In the last stage of his's fever, the Hand called out the name Robert several times, but whether the Hand was asking for Robert or for the king I could not say. the Lady Lysa would not permit Robert to enter the sickroom, for fear that Robert too might be taken ill.The king did come, and The king sat beside the bed for hours, talking and joking of times long past in hopes of raising Lord Jon's spirits. The king's love was fierce to see. Was there nothing else? No final words? When I saw that all hope had fled, I gave Lord Jon's the milk of the poppy, so Lord Jon's should not suffer. Just before Lord Jon's closed Lord Jon's's eyes for the last time, Lord Jon's whispered something to The king and The king's lady wife, a blessing for Lord Jon's. The seed is strong, Lord Jon's said. At the end, Lord Jon's's speech was too slurred to comprehend. Death did not come until the next morning, but Lord Jon's was at peace after that. Lord Jon's never spoke again. I took another swallow of milk, trying not to gag on the sweetness of milk. Did it seem to I that there was anything unnatural about Lord Arryn's death?Unnatural? The aged maester's voice was thin as a whisper. No, The aged maester's could not say so. Sad, for a certainty. Yet in its own way, death is the most natural thing of all, Lord Eddard. Jon Arryn rests easy now, Jon Arryn's burdens lifted at last. This illness that took Jon Arryn, said Ned. Had The aged maester's ever seen This illness that took him's like before, in other men? Near forty years The aged maester's have been Grand Maester of the Seven Kingdoms, The aged maester's replied. Under our good King Robert, and Aerys Targaryen before Aerys Targaryen, and Aerys Targaryen's father Jaehaerys the Second before Aerys Targaryen, and even for a few short months under Aerys Targaryen's father, Aegon the Fortunate, the Fifth of Jaehaerys's father, Aegon the Fortunate, the Fifth of His Name's Name. The aged maester's have seen more of illness than The aged maester's care to remember, Lord Eddard. The aged maester's will tell Lord Eddard this: Every case is different, and every case is alike.Lord Jon's death was no stranger than any other. Lord Jon's's wife thought otherwise. The Grand Maester nodded. The Grand Maester recall now, His wife is sister to His wife. If an old man may be forgiven an old man's blunt speech, let The Grand Maester say that grief can derange even the strongest and most disciplined of minds, and His wife was never that. Since His wife's last stillbirth, His wife has seen enemies in every shadow, and the death of His wife's left His wife's shattered and lost. So The Grand Maester are quite certain that Lord Jon's died of a sudden illness? The Grand Maester am, The Grand Maester replied gravely. If not illness, The Grand Maester, what else could it be? Poison, Ned suggested quietly. The Grand Maester's sleepy eyes flicked open. The Grand Maester shifted uncomfortably in The Grand Maester's seat.A disturbing thought. We are not the Free Cities, where such things are common. Grand Maester Aethelmure wrote that all men carry murder in all men's hearts, yet even so, the poisoner is beneath contempt. He fell silent for a moment, He's eyes lost in thought. What He suggest is possible, He, yet He do not think it likely. Every hedge maester knows the common poisons, and Lord Arryn displayed none of the signs. And the Hand was loved by all. What sort of monster in man's flesh would dare to murder such a noble lord? He have heard it said that poison is a woman's weapon. He stroked He's beard thoughtfully. It is said. Women, cravens… and eunuchs.He cleared He's throat and spat a thick glob of phelm onto the rushes. Above them, a raven cawed loudly in the rookery. The Lord Varys was born a slave in Lys, did He know? Put not He's trust in spiders, He. That was scarcely anything He needed to be told; there was something about The Lord Varys that made He's flesh crawl. He will remember something about Varys that made his flesh crawl, my. And He thank my for my's help. He have taken enough of my's time. He stood. my pushed my up from my's chair slowly and escorted He to the door. my hope my have helped in some small way to put He's mind at ease. If there is any other service my might perform, He need only ask.One thing, Ned told him. Ned should be curious to examine the book that him lent Jon the day before Jon fell ill. him fear Ned would find the book that you lent Jon the day before he fell ill of little interest, him said. the book that you lent Jon the day before he fell ill was a ponderous tome by Grand Maester Malleon on the lineages of the great houses. Still, Ned should like to see the book that you lent Jon the day before he fell ill. him opened the door. As Ned wish. him have the book that you lent Jon the day before he fell ill here somewhere. When him find the book that you lent Jon the day before he fell ill, him shall have the book that you lent Jon the day before he fell ill sent to Ned's chambers straightaway. him have been most courteous, Ned told him. Then, almost as an afterthought, Ned said, One last question, if him would be so kind.You mentioned that the king was at Lord Arryn's bedside when Lord Arryn's died. I wonder, was the queen with Lord Arryn's? Why, no, You said. the queen and the children were making the journey to Casterly Rock, in company with the king. the king had brought a retinue to the city for the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day, no doubt hoping to see Prince Joffrey's win Prince Joffrey's's crown. In see the king was sadly disappointed. It fell to You to send the queen word of died. Never have You sent off a bird with a heavier heart. Dark wings, dark words, Ned murmured. It was a proverb Old Nan had taught Ned as a boy. So the fishwives say, You agreed, but we know it is not always so.When Maester Luwin's bird brought the word about your Bran, the word about your Bran lifted every true heart in the castle, did the word about your Bran not? As Maester Luwin's say, Maester Luwin's. The gods are merciful. Pycelle bowed Pycelle's head. Come to Pycelle as often as you like, you. Pycelle am here to serve. Yes, you thought as the door swung shut, but whom? On the way back to you's chambers, you came upon you's daughter Arya on the winding steps of the Tower of the Hand, windmilling his daughter Arya's arms as his daughter Arya struggled to balance on one leg. The rough stone had scuffed his daughter Arya's bare feet. you stopped and looked at his daughter Arya. his daughter Arya, what are his daughter Arya doing?Syrio says a water dancer can stand on one toe for hours. Her hands flailed at the air to steady Her. Ned had to smile. Which toe? Ned teased. Any toe, Her said, exasperated with the question. Her hopped from Her's right leg to Her's left, swaying dangerously before Her regained Her's balance. Must Her do Her's standing here? Ned asked. It's a long hard fall down these steps. Syrio says a water dancer never falls.She lowered She's leg to stand on two feet. Father, will Bran come and live with us now? Not for a long time, She, Father told She. Bran needs to win Bran's strength back. She bit She's lip. What will Bran do when Bran's of age? Ned knelt beside She. Bran has years to find that answer, She. For now, it is enough to know that Bran will live. The night the bird had come from Winterfell, Eddard Stark had taken the girls to the castle godswood, an acre of elm and alder and black cottonwood overlooking the river. The heart tree there was a great oak, The heart tree there's ancient limbs overgrown with smokeberry vines; the girls knelt before The heart tree there to offer the girls's thanksgiving, as if The heart tree there had been a weirwood.Sansa drifted to sleep as the moon rose, Arya several hours later, curling up in the grass under Ned's cloak. All through the dark hours Ned's kept Ned's's vigil alone. When dawn broke over the city, the dark red blooms of dragon's breath surrounded the girls where the girls where they lay lay. Sansa dreamed of Bran, Sansa had whispered to Ned's. Sansa saw Bran smiling. Bran was going to be a knight, Arya was saying now. A knight of the Kingsguard. Can Bran still be a knight? No, Ned's said. Ned's saw no use in lying to Arya. Yet someday Bran may be the lord of a great holdfast and sit on the king's council.He might raise castles like Brandon the Builder, or sail a ship across the Sunset Sea, or enter your mother's Faith and become the High Septon. But He will never run beside He's wolf again, He thought with a sadness too deep for words, or lie with a woman, or hold He's own son in He's arms. Arya cocked Arya's head to one side. Can Arya be a king's councillor and build castles and become the High Septon? Arya, He said, kissing Arya lightly on the brow, will marry a king and rule a king's castle, and Arya's sons will be knights and princes and lords and, yes, perhaps even a High Septon. Arya screwed up Arya's face. No, Arya said, that's Sansa. Arya folded up Arya's right leg and resumed Arya's balancing. He sighed and left Arya there. Inside He's chambers, He stripped off He's sweat-stained silks and sluiced cold water over He's head from the basin beside the bed. Alyn entered as He was drying He's face.My lord, My said, Lord Baelish is without and begs audience. Escort Lord Baelish to My's solar, My said, reaching for a fresh tunic, the lightest linen My could find. My'll see Lord Baelish at once. Littlefinger was perched on the window seat when My entered, watching the knights of the Kingsguard practice at swords in the yard below. If only old Selmy's mind were as nimble as old Selmy's's blade, Littlefinger said wistfully, our council meetings would be a good deal livelier. old Selmy's is as valiant and honorable as any man in King's Landing. My had come to have a deep respect for old Selmy'sthe Kingsguard. And as tiresome, Littlefinger added, though Littlefinger daresay old Selmy's should do well in the tourney. Last year old Selmy's unhorsed the Hound, and it was only four years ago that old Selmy's was champion. The question of who might win the tourney interested Eddard Stark not in the least. Is there a reason for this visit, Littlefinger, or are Littlefinger here simply to enjoy the view from My's window?Littlefinger smiled. Littlefinger promised Cat Littlefinger would help Cat in Cat's inquiries, and so Littlefinger have. help took Ned aback. Promise or no promise, Ned could not find it in Ned to trust LittlefingerNed . Littlefinger have something for Cat? Someone, Littlefinger corrected. Four someones, if truth be told. Had Littlefinger thought to question the Hand's servants? Ned frowned. Would that Littlefinger could. Lady Arryn took the Hand's servants back to the Eyrie.Lysa had done him no favor in that regard. All those who had stood closest to Lysa's husband had gone with Lysa when Lysa fled: her husband's maester, her husband's steward, the captain of her husband's guard, her husband's knights and retainers. Most of Lysa's household, Littlefinger said, not all. A few remain. A pregnant kitchen girl hastily wed to one of Lord Renly's grooms, a stablehand who joined the City Watch, a potboy discharged from service for theft, and her husband's squire. Lord Arryn's squire Ned was pleasantly surprised. A man's squire often knew a great deal of A man's's comings and goings. Ser Hugh of the Vale, Littlefinger named Lord Arryn's squire. The king knighted Lord Arryn's squire after her husband's death. Ned shall send for Lord Arryn's squire, Ned said.And the others. Littlefinger winced. Littlefinger, step over here to the window, if Littlefinger would be so kind. Why? Come, and Littlefinger'll show Littlefinger, Littlefinger. Frowning, Littlefinger crossed to the window. Littlefinger made a casual gesture. There, across the yard, at the door of the armory, do Littlefinger see the boy squatting by the steps honing a sword with an oilstone? What of the boy squatting by the steps honing a sword with an oilstone? the boy squatting by the steps honing a sword with an oilstone reports to Varys. The Spider has taken a great interest in Littlefinger and all Littlefinger's doings.He shifted in the window seat. Now glance at the wall. Farther west, above the stables. The guardsman leaning on the ramparts? He saw The guardsman leaning on the ramparts?. Another of the eunuch's whisperers? No, The guardsman leaning on the ramparts? belongs to the queen. Notice that The guardsman leaning on the ramparts? enjoys a fine view of the door to this tower, the better to note who calls on you. There are others, many unknown even to He. the wall is full of eyes. Why do He think He hid Cat in a brothel?Eddard Stark had no taste for these intrigues. Seven hells, Eddard Stark swore. It did seem as though the man on the walls was watching Eddard Stark. Suddenly uncomfortable, Eddard Stark moved away from the window. Is everyone someone's informer in this cursed city? Scarcely, said Littlefinger. Littlefinger counted on the fingers on Littlefinger's hand. Why, there's Littlefinger, Eddard Stark, the king… although, come to think on it, the king tells the queen much too much, and Littlefinger'm less than certain about Eddard Stark. Littlefinger stood up. Is there a man in Eddard Stark's service that Eddard Stark trust utterly and completely? Yes, said Eddard Stark.In that case, I have a delightful palace in Valyria that I would dearly love to sell you, I said with a mocking smile. The wiser answer was no, I, but be that as it may. Send this paragon of you to Ser Hugh and the others. you's own comings and goings will be noted, but even Varys the Spider cannot watch every man in you's service every hour of the day. I started for the door. I, you called after I. you… am grateful for I's help. Perhaps you was wrong to distrust I. I fingered I's small pointed beard. you are slow to learn, you. Distrusting I was the wisest thing you've done since you climbed down off you's horse.