 Jon was showing Dareon how best to deliver a sidestroke when the new recruit entered the practice yard. Dareon's feet should be farther apart, Jon urged. Dareon don't want to lose Dareon's balance. That's good. Now pivot as Dareon deliver a sidestroke, get all Dareon's weight behind the blade. Dareon broke off and lifted Dareon's visor. Seven gods, Dareon murmured. Would Jon look at the new recruit, Jon. Jon turned. Through the eye slit of Jon's helm, Jon beheld the fattest boy Jon had ever seen standing in the door of the armory. By the look of the new recruit, the new recruit must have weighed twenty stone. The fur collar of the new recruit's embroidered surcoat was lost beneath the new recruit's chins. Pale eyes moved nervously in a great round moon of a face, and plump sweaty fingers wiped plump sweaty fingers on the velvet of the new recruit's doublet. They… They told the new recruit the new recruit was to come here for… for training, the new recruit said to no one in particular. A lordling, Pyp observed to Jon. Southron, most like near Highgarden. Pyp had traveled the Seven Kingdoms with a mummers' troupe, and bragged that Pyp could tell what you were and where you'd been born just from the sound of your voice.A striding huntsman had been worked in scarlet thread upon the breast of the fat boy's fur-trimmed surcoat. Jon did not recognize the sigil. Ser Alliser Thorne looked over the fat boy's and said, It would seem they have run short of poachers and thieves down south. Now they send us pigs to man the Wall. Is fur and velvet the fat boy's's notion of armor, Jon? It was soon revealed that the fat boy's had brought the fat boy's's own armor with the fat boy's; padded doublet, boiled leather, mail and plate and helm, even a great wood-and-leather shield blazoned with the same striding huntsman the fat boy's wore on the fat boy's fur-trimmed surcoat. As none of his own armor was black, however, Ser Alliser Thorne insisted that the fat boy's reequip the fat boy's from the armory. reequip took half the morning. the fat boy's's girth required Donal Noye to take apart a mail hauberk and refit a mail hauberk with leather panels at the sides. To get a helm over the fat boy's's head Donal Noye had to detach the visor. the fat boy's's leathers bound so tightly around the fat boy's's legs and under the fat boy's's arms that the fat boy's could scarcely move. Dressed for battle, the fat boy's looked like an overcooked sausage about to burst an overcooked sausage about to burst its skin's skin. Let us hope the fat boy's are not as inept as the fat boy's look, Ser Alliser Thorne said. Halder, see what the fat boy's can do. Jon winced. Halder had been born in a quarry and apprenticed as a stonemason. Halder was sixteen, tall and muscular, and Halder's blows were as hard as any Jon had ever felt.This will be uglier than a whore's ass, Pyp muttered, and This was. The fight lasted less than a minute before the fat boy was on the ground, the fat boy's whole body shaking as blood leaked through the fat boy's shattered helm and between the fat boy's pudgy fingers. the fat boy yield, the fat boy shrilled. No more, the fat boy yield, don't hit the fat boy. Rast and some of the other boys were laughing. Even then, Ser Alliser would not call an end. On the fat boy's feet, the fat boy, Ser Alliser called. Pick up the fat boy's sword. When the fat boy continued to cling to the ground, Ser Alliser gestured to Halder. Hit the fat boy with the flat of Halder's blade until the fat boy finds the fat boy's feet. Halder delivered a tentative smack to Halder's upraised cheeks. Halder can hit harder than a tentative smack, Ser Alliser taunted. Halder took hold of your blade with both hands and brought your blade down so hard the blow split leather, even on the flat. the fat boy screeched in pain. Jon Snow took a step forward. Pyp laid a mailed hand on Jon Snow's arm. Jon Snow, no, Jon Snow whispered with an anxious glance at Ser Alliser.On your feet, Thorne repeated. your struggled to rise, slipped, and fell heavily again. your is starting to grasp the notion, Ser Alliser observed. Again. Halder lifted the sword for another blow. Cut us off a ham! Rast urged, laughing. Jon shook off your's hand. Halder, enough. Halder looked to Ser Alliser. your speaks and the peasants tremble, Ser Alliser said in that sharp, cold voice of Ser Alliser. Ser Alliser remind Jon that Ser Alliser am the master-at-arms here, Jon. Look at your, Halder, Jon urged, ignoring Thorne as best Jon could. There's no honor in beating a fallen foe. Halder yielded. Halder knelt beside your. Halder lowered the sword.He yielded, He echoed. Ser Alliser's onyx eyes were fixed on Jon Snow. It would seem our Bastard is in love, Ser Alliser's said as Jon Snow helped the fat boy to the fat boy's feet. Show Ser Alliser's Jon Snow's steel, Jon Snow. Jon Snow drew your steel. Jon Snow dared defy Ser Alliser's only to a point, and Jon Snow feared Jon Snow was well beyond a point now. Thorne smiled. our Bastard wishes to defend our Bastard's lady love, so we shall make an exercise of defend. Rat, Pimple, help we's here. Rast and Albett moved to join Halder. Three of you ought to be sufficient to make his lady love squeal. All Three of you need do is get past our Bastard. Stay behind Jon Snow, Jon Snow said to the fat boy. Ser Alliser's had often sent two foes against Jon Snow, but never three. Jon Snow knew Jon Snow would likely go to sleep bruised and bloody tonight. Jon Snow braced Jon Snow for the assault. Suddenly Pyp was beside Jon Snow.Three to two will make for better sport, the small boy said cheerfully. the small boy dropped the small boy's visor and slid out the small boy's sword. Before Jon could even think to protest, Grenn had stepped up to make a third. The yard had grown deathly quiet. Jon could feel Ser Alliser's eyes. Why are you waiting? Jon asked Rast and the others in a voice gone deceptively soft, but it was Jon who moved first. Halder barely got Halder's sword up in time. Jon drove Halder backward, attacking with every blow, keeping Halder on the heels. Know your foe, Ser Rodrik had taught Jon once; Jon knew Halder. Frustrate Halder, and Halder would leave Halder open, as certain as sunset. The clang of steel echoed through The yard as the others joined battle around Jon. Jon blocked a savage cut at Jon's head, the shock of impact running up Jon's arm as the swords crashed together. Jon slammed a sidestroke into Halder's ribs, and was rewarded with a muffled grunt of pain. The counterstroke caught Jon on the shoulder. Chainmail crunched, and pain flared up Jon's neck, but for an instant Halder was unbalanced. Jon cut Halder's left leg from under Halder, and Halder fell with a curse and a crash.Grenn was standing Grenn's ground as Jon had taught Grenn, giving Albett more than Grenn cared for, but Pyp was hard-pressed. Pyp had two years and forty pounds on Pyp. Jon stepped up behind Pyp and rang Pyp's helm like a bell. As Pyp went reeling, Pyp slid in under Pyp's guard, knocked Pyp down, and leveled a blade at Pyp's throat. By then Jon had moved on. Facing two swords, Albett backed away. Albett yield, Albett shouted. Ser Alliser Thorne surveyed the scene with disgust. The mummer's farce has gone on long enough for today. Ser Alliser Thorne walked away. The session was at an end. Dareon helped Halder to Halder's feet. Halder wrenched off the raper's helm and threw the raper's helm across the yard. For an instant, Halder thought Halder finally had Jon, Jon. For an instant, Halder did, Jon replied. Under Jon's mail and leather, Jon's shoulder was throbbing. Jon sheathed Jon's sword and tried to remove the raper's helm, but when Jon raised Jon's arm, the pain made Jon grit Jon's teeth.Let me, a voice said. Thick-fingered hands unfastened helm from gorget and lifted it off gently. Did he hurt me? me've been bruised before. me touched me's shoulder and winced. The yard was emptying around them. Blood matted me's hair where he had split it asunder. me's name is Samwell Tarly, of Horn… me stopped and licked me's lips. me mean, me was of Horn, until me… left. me've come to take the black. me's father is Lord Randyll, a bannerman to the Tyrells of Highgarden. me used to be My father's heir, only… me's voice trailed off. me'm Jon Snow, Ned Stark's bastard, of Winterfell. me nodded. me… if you want, you can call me Sam. me's mother calls me Sam. you can call me Lord Snow, Pyp said as Pyp came up to join them.You don't want to know what his mother calls his. These two are These two, Jon said. his's the ugly one, Pyp said. his scowled. Pyp're uglier than his. At least his don't have ears like a bat. his's thanks to all of you, his said gravely. Why didn't his get up and fight? his demanded. his wanted to, truly. his just… his couldn't. his didn't want his to hit his anymore. his looked at the ground. his… his fear his'm a coward. his's lord father always said so. his looked thunderstruck. Pyp had no words to say to that, and Pyp had words for everything.What sort of man would proclaim himself a coward? Samwell Tarly must have read their thoughts on their's faces. His eyes met Jon's and darted away, quick as frightened animals. His… His'm sorry, His said. His don't mean to… to be like His am. His walked heavily toward the armory. Jon's called after His. His were hurt, Jon's said. Tomorrow His'll do better. His looked mournfully back over one shoulder. No His won't, His said, blinking back tears. His never do better. When His was gone, Grenn frowned. Nobody likes cravens, Grenn said uncomfortably. Grenn wish we hadn't helped His. What if they think we're craven too? Grenn're too stupid to be craven, Pyp told Grenn.I am not, I said. Yes I are. If a bear attacked I in the woods, I'd be too stupid to run away. I would not, I insisted. I'd run away faster than you. I stopped suddenly, scowling when I saw Pyp's grin and realized what I'd just said. I's thick neck flushed a dark red. you left them there arguing as you returned to the armory, hung up you's sword, and stripped off you's battered armor. Life at Castle Black followed certain patterns; the mornings were for swordplay, the afternoons for work. The black brothers set new recruits to many different tasks, to learn where new recruits's skills lay. you cherished the rare afternoons when you was sent out with Ghost ranging at you's side to bring back game for the Lord Commander's table, but for every day spent hunting, you gave a dozen to Donal Noye in the armory, spinning the whetstone while Donal Noye sharpened axes grown dull from use, or pumping the bellows as Donal Noye hammered out a new sword. Other times you ran messages, stood at guard, mucked out stables, fletched arrows, assisted Maester Aemon with Maester Aemon's birds or Bowen Marsh with Maester Aemon's counts and inventories. That afternoon, the Lord Commander's sent you to the winch cage with four barrels of fresh-crushed stone, to scatter gravel over the icy footpaths atop the Wall. scatter was lonely and boring work, even with Ghost along for company, but you found you did not mind. On a clear day you could see half the world from the top of the Wall, and the air was always cold and bracing. you could think here, and you found you thinking of Samwell Tarly… and, oddly, of Tyrion Lannister. you wondered what Tyrion Lannister would have made of you.Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face a hard truth, the dwarf had told him, grinning. The world was full of cravens who pretended to be heroes; it took a queer sort of courage to admit to cowardice as Samwell Tarly had. him's sore shoulder made the work go slowly. It was late afternoon before him finished graveling the paths. him lingered on high to watch the sun go down, turning the western sky the color of blood. Finally, as dusk was settling over the north, him rolled the empty barrels back into the cage and signaled the winch men to lower him. The evening meal was almost done by the time him and Ghost reached the common hall. A group of the black brothers were dicing over mulled wine near the fire. him's friends were at the bench nearest the west wall, laughing. Pyp was in the middle of a story. Pyp was a born liar with a hundred different voices, and Pyp did not tell Pyp's tales so much as live his tales, playing all the parts as needed, a king one moment and a swineherd the next. When Pyp turned into an alehouse girl or a virgin princess, Pyp used a high falsetto voice that reduced them all to tears of helpless laughter, and Pyp's eunuchs were always eerily accurate caricatures of Ser Alliser. him took as much pleasure from Pyp's antics as anyone… yet that night him turned away and went instead to the end of the bench, where Samwell Tarly sat alone, as far from the others as Samwell Tarly could get. Samwell Tarly was finishing the last of the pork pie the cooks had served up for supper when him sat down across from Samwell Tarly. Samwell Tarly's eyes widened at the sight of Ghost. Is that a wolf? A direwolf, him said.His name is Ghost. The direwolf is the sigil of my father's House. Ours is a striding huntsman, Samwell Tarly said. Do my like to hunt? my shuddered. my hate hunt. my looked as though my was going to cry again. What's wrong now? Jon asked my. Why are my always so frightened? my stared at the last of my's pork pie and gave a feeble shake of my's head, too scared even to talk. A burst of laughter filled the hall. Jon heard Pyp squeaking in a high voice. Jon stood. Let's go outside. The round fat face looked up at Jon, suspicious. Why?What will we do outside? Talk, Jon said. Have you seen the Wall? you'm fat, not blind, you said. Of course you saw the Wall, the Wall's seven hundred feet high. Yet you stood up all the same, wrapped a fur-lined cloak over you's shoulders, and followed Jon from the common hall, still wary, as if you suspected some cruel trick was waiting for you in the night. Ghost padded along beside we. you never thought it would be like this, you said as we walked, you's words steaming in the cold air. Already you was huffing and puffing as you tried to keep up. All the buildings are falling down, and it's so… so…  Cold? A hard frost was settling over the Wall, and Jon could hear the soft crunch of grey weeds beneath Jon's boots. you nodded miserably. you hate the cold, you said. Last night you woke up in the dark and the fire had gone out and you was certain you was going to freeze to death by morning. It must have been warmer where you come from. you never saw snow until last month. We were crossing the barrowlands, you and the men you's father sent to see you north, and this white stuff began to fall, like a soft rain.At first I thought it was so beautiful, like feathers drifting from the sky, but it kept on and on, until I was frozen to the bone. The men had crusts of snow in The men's beards and more on The men's shoulders, and still it kept coming. I was afraid it would never end. Jon smiled. The Wall loomed before them, glimmering palely in the light of the half moon. In the sky above, the stars burned clear and sharp. Are they going to make me go up there? me asked. me's face curdled like old milk as me looked at the great wooden stairs. me'll die if me have to climb the great wooden stairs. There's a winch, Jon said, pointing. they can draw me up in a cage. me sniffled. me don't like high places. It was too much. Jon frowned, incredulous. Are me afraid of everything?he asked. he don't understand. If you are truly so craven, why are you here? Why would a coward want to join the Night's Watch? Samwell Tarly looked at he for a long moment, and you's round face seemed to cave in on his round face. you sat down on the frost-covered ground and began to cry, huge choking sobs that made you's whole body shake. Jon Snow could only stand and watch. Like the snowfall on the barrowlands, it seemed the tears would never end. It was Ghost who knew what to do. Silent as shadow, Ghost moved closer and began to lick the warm tears off you's face. you cried out, startled… and somehow, in a heartbeat, huge choking sobs that made his whole body shake turned to laughter. Jon Snow laughed with you. Afterward they sat on the frost-covered ground, huddled in they's cloaks with Ghost between they. Jon Snow told the story of how Jon Snow and Robb had found the pups newborn in the late summer snows. the story of how he and Robb had found the pups newborn in the late summer snows seemed a thousand years ago now. Before long Jon Snow found Jon Snow talking of Winterfell. Sometimes Jon Snow dream about Winterfell, Jon Snow said.I'm walking down this long empty hall. I's voice echoes all around, but no one answers, so I walk faster, opening doors, shouting names. I don't even know who I'm looking for. Most nights it's I's father, but sometimes it's Robb instead, or I's little sister Arya, or I's uncle. The thought of my uncle saddened him; him's was still missing. my father had sent out rangers in search of my uncle. Ser Jaremy Rykker had led two sweeps, and Quorin Halfhand had gone forth from the Shadow Tower, but they'd found nothing aside from a few blazes in the trees that him's had left to mark my uncle's way. In the stony highlands to the northwest, a few blazes in the trees that his uncle had left to mark his way stopped abruptly and all trace of my uncle vanished. Do him ever find anyone in him's dream? Sam asked. him shook him's head. No one. The castle is always empty. him had never told anyone of your dream, and him did not understand why him was telling Sam now, yet somehow it felt good to talk of your dream. Even the ravens are gone from the rookery, and the stables are full of bones. are always scares I.I start to run then, throwing open doors, climbing the tower three steps at a time, screaming for someone, for anyone. And then I find I in front of the door to the crypts. It's black inside, and I can see the steps spiraling down. Somehow I know I have to go down there, but I don't want to. I'm afraid of what might be waiting for I. The old Kings of Winter are down there, sitting on The old Kings of Winter's thrones with stone wolves at The old Kings of Winter's feet and iron swords across The old Kings of Winter's laps, but it's not The old Kings of Winter I'm afraid of. I scream that I'm not a Stark, that this isn't I's place, but it's no good, I have to go anyway, so I start down, feeling the walls as I descend, with no torch to light the way. It gets darker and darker, until I want to scream. He stopped, frowning, embarrassed. That's when He always wake. He's skin cold and clammy, shivering in the darkness of He's cell. Ghost would leap up beside He, Ghost's warmth as comforting as daybreak. He would go back to sleep with He's face pressed into Ghost's shaggy white fur. Do He dream of Horn Hill? Jon asked. No.Sam's mouth grew tight and hard. I hated it there. Sam's scratched Ghost behind the ear, brooding, and Jon let the silence breathe. After a long while Sam's began to talk, and Jon listened quietly, and learned how it was that Sam's found Sam's on the Wall. The Tarlys were a family old in honor, bannermen to Mace Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South. The eldest son of Lord Randyll Tarly, Sam's was born heir to rich lands, a strong keep, and a storied two-handed greatsword named Heartsbane, forged of Valyrian steel and passed down from father to son near five hundred years. Whatever pride Mace Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South might have felt at Sam's's birth vanished as Sam's grew up plump, soft, and awkward. Sam's loved to listen to music and make Sam's's own songs, to wear soft velvets, to play in the castle kitchen beside the cooks, drinking in the rich smells as Sam's snitched lemon cakes and blueberry tarts. Sam's's passions were books and kittens and dancing, clumsy as Sam's was. But Sam's grew ill at the sight of blood, and wept to see even a chicken slaughtered. A dozen masters-at-arms came and went at Horn Hill, trying to turn Sam's into the knight Mace Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South wanted. Sam's was cursed and caned, slapped and starved. One man had Sam's sleep in Sam's's chainmail to make Sam's more martial. Another dressed Sam's in Sam's's mother's clothing and paraded Sam's through the bailey to shame Sam's into valor. Sam's only grew fatter and more frightened, until Mace Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South's disappointment turned to anger and then to loathing. One time, Sam's confided, Sam's's voice dropping from a whisper, two men came to castle, warlocks from Qarth with white skin and blue lips.They slaughtered a bull aurochs and made me bathe in the hot blood, but it didn't make me brave as They'd promised. me got sick and retched. Father had They scourged. Finally, after three girls in as many years, Lady Tarly gave Father a second son. From that day, Father ignored me, devoting all Father's time to a second son. me had known several years of sweet peace with me's music and me's books. Until the dawn of me's fifteenth name day, when me had been awakened to find me's horse saddled and ready. Three men-at-arms had escorted me into a wood near Horn Hill, where Father was skinning a deer. a second son are almost a man grown now, and Father had told a second son, Father's long knife laying bare a deer as Father spoke. a second son have given Father no cause to disown a second son, but neither will Father allow a second son to inherit the land and title that should be Dickon's. Heartsbane must go to a man strong enough to wield Heartsbane, and a second son are not worthy to touch Heartsbane's hilt. So Father have decided that a second son shall this day announce that a second son wish to take the black. a second son will forsake all claim to Dickon's's inheritance and start north before evenfall. If a second son do not, then on the morrow we shall have a hunt, and somewhere in these woods a second son's horse will stumble, and a second son will be thrown from the saddle to die… or so Father will tell a second son's mother. your mother has a woman's heart and finds it in your mother to cherish a second son, and Father have no wish to cause your mother's pain. Please do not imagine that it will truly be that easy, should a second son think to defy Father.Nothing would please me more than to hunt you down like the pig you are. me's arms were red to the elbow as me laid the skinning knife aside. So. There is you's choice. The Night's Watch—me reached inside the deer, ripped out the deer's heart, and held its heart in me's fist, red and dripping—or this. me told the tale in a calm, dead voice, as if the tale were something that had happened to someone else, not to me. And strangely, Jon thought, me did not weep, not even once. When me was done, they sat together and listened to the wind for a time. There was no other sound in all the world. Finally Jon said, they should go back to the common hall. Why? me asked. Jon shrugged. There's hot cider to drink, or mulled wine if me prefer. Some nights Dareon sings for they, if the mood is on Dareon. Dareon was a singer, before… well, not truly, but almost, an apprentice singer.How did he come here? Sam asked. Lord Rowan of Goldengrove found he in bed with Lord Rowan of Goldengrove's daughter. his daughter was two years older, and he swears his daughter helped he through his daughter's window, but under his daughter's eye his daughter named helped rape, so here he is. When Maester Aemon heard he sing, Maester Aemon said he's voice was honey poured over thunder. Jon smiled. Toad sometimes sings too, if you call sings singing. Drinking songs Toad learned in Toad's winesink. Pyp says Pyp's voice is piss poured over a fart. They laughed at that together. Sam should like to hear They, Sam admitted, but They would not want Sam there. Sam's face was troubled. Lord Rowan of Goldengrove's going to make Sam fight again on the morrow, isn't Lord Rowan of Goldengrove? Lord Rowan of Goldengrove is, Jon was forced to say. Sam got awkwardly to Sam's feet. Sam had better try to sleep.He huddled down in He's cloak and plodded off. The others were still in the common room when He returned, alone but for Ghost. Where have He been? Pyp asked. Talking with Sam, He said. He truly is craven, said Grenn. At supper, there were still places on the bench when He got He's pie, but He was too scared to come sit with us. He thinks He's too good to eat with the likes of us, suggested Jeren. I saw He eat a pork pie, Toad said, smirking. Do I think a pork pie was a brother? Toad began to make oinking noises. Stop it! He snapped angrily. The others fell silent, taken aback by He's sudden fury. Listen to He, He said into the quiet, and He told The others how it was going to be. Pyp backed He, as Pyp'd known Pyp would, but when Halder spoke up, spoke was a pleasant surprise.Grenn was anxious at the first, but Jon knew the words to move Grenn. One by one the rest fell in line. Jon persuaded some, cajoled some, shamed the others, made threats where threats were required. At the end the rest had all agreed… all but Rast. You girls do as You girls please, Rast said, but if Thorne sends Rast against Lady Piggy, Rast'm going to slice Rast off a rasher of bacon. Rast laughed in Jon's face and left You girls there. Hours later, as the castle slept, three of You girls paid a call on Rast's cell. Grenn held Rast's arms while Pyp sat on Rast's legs. Jon could hear Rast's rapid breathing as Ghost leapt onto Rast's chest. Ghost's eyes burned red as embers as Ghost's teeth nipped lightly at the soft skin of Rast's throat, just enough to draw blood. Remember, three of them know where Rast sleep, Jon said softly. The next morning Jon heard Rast tell Albett and Toad how Rast's razor had slipped while Rast shaved. From that day forth, neither Rast nor any of the others would hurt Samwell Tarly. When Ser Alliser matched them against Ser Alliser, them would stand them's ground and swat aside Ser Alliser's slow, clumsy strokes. If Ser Alliser screamed for an attack, them would dance in and tap Ser Alliser lightly on breastplate or helm or leg. Ser Alliser raged and threatened and called them cravens and women and worse, yet Ser Alliser remained unhurt.A few nights later, at Jon's urging, he joined them for the evening meal, taking a place on the bench beside Halder. It was another fortnight before he found the nerve to join them's talk, but in time he was laughing at Pyp's faces and teasing Grenn with the best of them. Fat and awkward and frightened he might be, but Samwell Tarly was no fool. One night Samwell Tarly visited Jon's in Jon's's cell. Samwell Tarly don't know what Jon's did, Samwell Tarly said, but Samwell Tarly know Jon's did it. Samwell Tarly looked away shyly. Samwell Tarly've never had a friend before. We're not friends, Jon's said. Jon's put a hand on Samwell Tarly's broad shoulder. We're brothers. And so We were, Jon's thought to Jon's after Samwell Tarly had taken Samwell Tarly's leave. We were Jon's's father's sons, and Jon's loved We still, yet Jon's knew that Jon's had never truly been one of We. Catelyn Stark had seen to been. The grey walls of Winterfell might still haunt Jon's's dreams, but Castle Black was Jon's's life now, and Jon's's brothers were Samwell Tarly and Grenn and Halder and Pyp's and the other cast-outs who wore the black of the Night's Watch. Catelyn Stark spoke truly, Jon's whispered to Ghost. Jon's wondered if Jon's would ever see Catelyn Stark again, to tell Catelyn Stark.