 It's the hand's tourney that's the cause of all the trouble, my lords, the commander of the city watch complained to the king's council. the hand's tourney, Ned corrected, wincing. Ned assure my, the hand's wants no part of the hand's tourney. Call the hand's tourney what my will, my. Knights have been arriving from all over the realm, and for every knight we get two freeriders, three craftsmen, six men-at-arms, a dozen merchants, two dozen whores, and more thieves than Ned dare guess. This cursed heat had half the city in a fever to start, and now with all these visitors… last night we had a drowning, a tavern riot, three knife fights, a rape, two fires, robberies beyond count, and a drunken horse race down the Street of the Sisters. The night before a woman's head was found in the Great Sept, floating in the rainbow pool. No one seems to know how a woman's head got there or who a woman's head belongs to. How dreadful, Ned said with a shudder. Lord Renly Baratheon was less sympathetic. If the commander of the city watch cannot keep the king's's peace, the commander of the city watch, perhaps the city watch should be commanded by someone who can. the commander of the city watch puffed the commander of the city watch up like an angry frog, the commander of the city watch's bald pate reddening. Aegon the Dragon Aegon the Dragon himself could not keep the peace, Lord Renly Baratheon.I need more men. How many? Ned asked, leaning forward. As ever, Robert had not troubled Robert to attend the council session, so it fell to Robert's Hand to speak for Robert. As many as can be gotten, his Hand. Hire fifty new men, Ned told Robert. Lord Baelish will see that Robert get the coin. Robert will? Robert said. Robert will. Robert found forty thousand golden dragons for a champion's purse, surely Robert can scrape together a few coppers to keep I's peace. Ned turned back to Janos Slynt. Ned will also give Janos Slynt twenty good swords from Ned's own household guard, to serve with the Watch until the crowds have left.All thanks, Lord Hand, Slynt said, bowing. Slynt promise Lord Hand, they shall be put to good use. When Slynt had taken Slynt's leave, Eddard Stark turned to the rest of the council. The sooner this folly is done with, the better Eddard Stark shall like this folly. As if the expense and trouble were not irksome enough, all and sundry insisted on salting Ned's wound by calling it the Hand's tourney, as if Ned's were the cause of Ned's wound. And Robert honestly seemed to think Robert should feel honored! The realm prospers from such events, Lord Hand, Grand Maester Pycelle said. such events bring the great the chance of glory, and the lowly a respite from the lowly's woes. And put coins in many a pocket, Littlefinger added. Every inn in the city is full, and the whores are walking bowlegged and jingling with each step. Lord Renly laughed. We're fortunate Lord Renly's brother Stannis is not with We. Remember the time my brother Stannis proposed to outlaw brothels?The king asked him if perhaps him'd like to outlaw eating, shitting, and breathing while him was at it. If truth be told, I ofttimes wonder how him ever got that ugly daughter of him. him goes to him's marriage bed like a man marching to a battlefield, with a grim look in a man marching to a battlefield's eyes and a determination to do a man marching to a battlefield's duty. Ned had not joined the laughter. I wonder about I's as well. I wonder when him intends to end him's visit to Dragonstone and resume him's seat on this council. No doubt as soon as we've scourged all those whores into the sea, I replied, provoking more laughter. Ned have heard quite enough about whores for one day, Ned said, rising. Until the morrow. Harwin had the door when Ned returned to the Tower of the Hand. Summon Jory to Ned's chambers and tell Harwin's father to saddle Ned's horse, Ned told Harwin, too brusquely. As Ned say, Ned. The Red Keep and the Hand's tourney were chafing Ned raw, Ned reflected as Ned climbed.He yearned for the comfort of Catelyn's arms, for the sounds of Robb and Jon crossing swords in the practice yard, for the cool days and cold nights of the north. In He's chambers He stripped off He's council silks and sat for a moment with the book while He waited for Jory to arrive. The Lineages and Histories of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, With Descliptions of Many High Lords and Noble Ladies and Many High Lords and Noble Ladies's Children, by Grand Maester Malleon. Pycelle had spoken truly; the book made for ponderous reading. Yet Jon Arryn had asked for the book, and He felt certain Jon Arryn had reasons. There was something here, some truth buried in these brittle yellow pages, if only He could see something here, some truth buried in these brittle yellow pages. But what? the book was over a century old. Scarcely a man now alive had yet been born when Grand Maester Malleon had compiled Grand Maester Malleon's dusty lists of weddings, births, and deaths. He opened to the section on House Lannister once more, and turned the pages slowly, hoping against hope that something would leap out at He. House Lannister were an old family, tracing House Lannister's descent back to Lann the Clever, a trickster from the Age of Heroes who was no doubt as legendary as Bran the Builder, though far more beloved of singers and taletellers. In the songs, Lann the Clever, a trickster from the Age of Heroes who was no doubt as legendary as Bran the Builder, though far more beloved of singers and taletellers was the fellow who winkled the Casterlys out of Casterly Rock with no weapon but Lann the Clever, a trickster from the Age of Heroes who was no doubt as legendary as Bran the Builder, though far more beloved of singers and taletellers's wits, and stole gold from the sun to brighten Lann the Clever, a trickster from the Age of Heroes who was no doubt as legendary as Bran the Builder, though far more beloved of singers and taletellers's curly hair. He wished Lann the Clever, a trickster from the Age of Heroes who was no doubt as legendary as Bran the Builder, though far more beloved of singers and taletellers were here now, to winkle the truth out of the book.A sharp rap on the door heralded Jory Cassel. Ned closed Malleon's tome and bid Jory Cassel enter. Ned've promised the City Watch twenty of Ned's guard until the tourney is done, Ned told Jory Cassel. Ned rely on Jory Cassel to make the choice. Give Alyn the command, and make certain twenty of my guard understand that twenty of my guard are needed to stop fights, not start fights. Rising, Ned opened a cedar chest and removed a light linen undertunic. Did Jory Cassel find the stableboy? the stableboy, Ned, Jory Cassel said. the stableboy vows the stableboy'll never touch another horse. What did the stableboy have to say? the stableboy claims the stableboy knew Lord Arryn well. Fast friends, they were. Jory Cassel snorted.The Hand always gave the lads a copper on the lads's name days, The Hand says. Had a way with horses. Never rode The Hand's mounts too hard, and brought his mounts carrots and apples, so his mounts were always pleased to see The Hand. Carrots and apples, Ned repeated. It sounded as if The Hand would be even less use than the lads. And The Hand was the last of the four Littlefinger had turned up. Jory had spoken to each of the four Littlefinger in turn. Ser Hugh had been brusque and uninformative, and arrogant as only a new-made knight can be. If The Hand wished to talk to Ser Hugh, Ser Hugh should be pleased to receive Ser Hugh, but Ser Hugh would not be questioned by a mere captain of guards… even if a mere captain of guards was ten years older and a hundred times the swordsman. The serving girl had at least been pleasant. The serving girl said Lord Jon had been reading more than was good for Lord Jon, that Lord Jon was troubled and melancholy over Lord Jon's young son's frailty, and gruff with Lord Jon's lady wife. The potboy, now cordwainer, had never exchanged so much as a word with Lord Jon, but The potboy, now cordwainer, was full of oddments of kitchen gossip: Lord Jon had been quarreling with the king, Lord Jon only picked at Lord Jon's food, Lord Jon was sending his young son's to be fostered on Dragonstone, Lord Jon had taken a great interest in the breeding of hunting hounds, Lord Jon had visited a master armorer to commission a new suit of plate, wrought all in pale silver with a blue jasper falcon and a mother-of-pearl moon on the breast. the king's own brother had gone with Lord Jon to help choose the design, The potboy, now cordwainer, said.No, not Lord Renly, the other one, Lord Stannis. Did our watchman recall anything else of note? our watchman swears Lord Jon was as strong as a man half Lord Jon's age. Often went riding with Lord Stannis, our watchman says. Stannis again, Ned thought. Ned found that curious. Lord Jon and Lord Stannis had been cordial, but never friendly. And while Robert had been riding north to Winterfell, Lord Stannis had removed Lord Stannis to Dragonstone, the Targaryen island fastness Lord Stannis had conquered in Lord Stannis's name. Lord Stannis had given no word as to when Lord Stannis might return. Where did they go on these rides? Ned asked. our watchman says that they visited a brothel. A brothel?Ned said. The Lord of the Eyrie and Hand of the King visited a brothel with Stannis Baratheon? Ned shook Ned's head, incredulous, wondering what Lord Renly would make of this tidbit. Robert's lusts were the subject of ribald drinking songs throughout the realm, but Stannis Baratheon was a different sort of man; a bare year younger than the King, yet utterly unlike the King, stern, humorless, unforgiving, grim in Stannis Baratheon's sense of duty. The boy insists visited's true. The boy took three guardsmen with The boy, and The boy says they were joking of took when The boy took they's horses afterward. Which brothel? Ned asked. The boy did not know. three guardsmen would. A pity Lysa carried they off to the Vale, Ned said dryly. The gods are doing The gods's best to vex us. Lysa, Maester Colemon, Stannis Baratheon… everyone who might actually know the truth of what happened to Jon Arryn is a thousand leagues away.Will you summon Lord Stannis back from Dragonstone? Not yet, you said. Not until you have a better notion of what this is all about and where Lord Stannis stands. The matter nagged at you. Why did Lord Stannis leave? Had Lord Stannis played some part in Jon Arryn's murder? Or was Lord Stannis afraid? you found it hard to imagine what could frighten Stannis Baratheon, who had once held Storm's End through a year of siege, surviving on rats and boot leather while the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne sat outside with the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne's hosts, banqueting in sight of Lord Stannis's walls. Bring you you's doublet, if you would. my doublet you want this armorer to know who you am. know might make this armorer more forthcoming. you went to the wardrobe.Lord Renly is brother to Lord Stannis as well as the king. Yet it seems that Lord Renly was not invited on these rides. Ned was not sure what to make of Lord Renly, with all Lord Renly's friendly ways and easy smiles. A few days past, Lord Renly had taken Ned aside to show Lord Renly an exquisite rose gold locklet. Inside was a miniature painted in the vivid Myrish style, of a lovely young girl with doe's eyes and a cascade of soft brown hair. Lord Renly had seemed anxious to know if a lovely young girl with doe's eyes and a cascade of soft brown hair reminded Lord Renly of anyone, and when Ned had no answer but a shrug, Lord Renly had seemed disappointed. a lovely young girl with doe's eyes and a cascade of soft brown hair was Loras Tyrell's sister Margaery, Lord Renly'd confessed, but there were those who said a lovely young girl with doe's eyes and a cascade of soft brown hair looked like Lyanna. No, Ned had told Lord Renly, bemused. Could it be that Lord Renly, had conceived a passion for a lovely young girl with doe's eyes and a cascade of soft brown hair? That struck Ned as more than passing queer. Jory held out the doublet, and Ned slid Ned's hands through the armholes. Perhaps Lord Stannis will return for Robert's tourney, Ned said as Jory laced the doublet up the back. return would be a stroke of fortune, Jory's , Jory said.Ned buckled on a longsword. In other words, not bloody likely. Ned's smile was grim. Jory draped Ned's cloak across Ned's shoulders and clasped Ned's cloak at the throat with the Hand's badge of office. The armorer lives above The armorer's shop, in a large house at the top of the Street of Steel. Alyn knows the way, Ned. Ned nodded. The gods help this potboy if this potboy's sent Ned off haring after shadows. a longsword was a slim enough staff to lean on, but the Jon Arryn that Ned had known was not one to wear jeweled and silvered plate. Steel was steel; Steel was meant for protection, not ornament. the Jon Arryn that Ned Stark had known might have changed the Jon Arryn that Ned Stark had known's views, to be sure. the Jon Arryn that Ned Stark had known would scarcely have been the first man who came to look on things differently after a few years at court… but changed was marked enough to make Ned wonder. Is there any other service Ned might perform?I suppose you'd best begin visiting whorehouses. Hard duty, you. Jory grinned. The men will be glad to help. Porther has made a fair start already. you's favorite horse was saddled and waiting in the yard. Varly and Jacks fell in beside you as you rode through the yard. Varly and Jacks's steel caps and shirts of mail must have been sweltering, yet Varly and Jacks said no word of complaint. As you passed beneath the King's Gate into the stink of the city, you's grey and white cloak streaming from you's shoulders, you saw eyes everywhere and kicked Ned's favorite horse into a trot. you's guard followed. you looked behind you frequently as they made they's way through the crowded city streets. Tomard and Desmond had left the castle early this morning to take up positions on the route Tomard and Desmond must take, and watch for anyone following Tomard and Desmond, but even so, you was uncertain. The shadow of the King's's Spider and the King's's little birds had you fretting like a maiden on a maiden on her wedding night's wedding night.The Street of Steel began at the market square beside the River Gate, as the River Gate, as it was named on maps, or the Mud Gate, as it was commonly called was named on maps, or the Mud Gate, as the River Gate, as it was named on maps, or the Mud Gate, as it was commonly called was commonly called. A mummer on stilts was striding through the throngs like some great insect, with a horde of barefoot children trailing behind A mummer on stilts, hooting. Elsewhere, two ragged boys no older than Bran were dueling with sticks, to the loud encouragement of some and the furious curses of others. An old woman ended dueling by leaning out of An old woman's window and emptying a bucket of slops on the heads of two ragged boys no older than Bran. In the shadow of the wall, farmers stood beside farmers's wagons, bellowing out, Apples, the best apples, cheap at twice the price, and Blood melons, sweet as honey, and Turnips, onions, roots, here you go here, here you go, turnips, onions, roots, here you go here. the River Gate, as it was named on maps, or the Mud Gate, as it was commonly called was open, and a squad of City Watchmen stood under the portcullis in a squad of City Watchmen's golden cloaks, leaning on spears. When a column of riders appeared from the west, a squad of City Watchmen sprang into action, shouting commands and moving the carts and foot traffic aside to let the knight enter with the knight's escort. The first rider through the River Gate, as it was named on maps, or the Mud Gate, as it was commonly called carried a long black banner. a long black banner rippled in the wind like a living thing; across a long black banner was blazoned a night sky slashed with purple lightning. Make way for the knight! The first rider through the gate shouted. Make way for the knight! And close behind came the knight.Here to fight in the Hand's tourney, my lord? a guardsman called out to my lord. Here to win the Hand's tourney, my lord shouted back as the crowd cheered. Ned turned off the square where the Street of Steel began and followed the Street of Steel's winding path up a long hill, past blacksmiths working at open forges, freeriders haggling over mail shirts, and grizzled ironmongers selling old blades and razors from grizzled ironmongers selling old blades and razors from their wagons's wagons. The farther they climbed, the larger the buildings grew. The man they wanted was all the way at the top of a long hill, in a huge house of timber and plaster whose upper stories loomed over the narrow street. The double doors showed a hunting scene carved in ebony and weirwood. A pair of stone knights stood sentry at The double doors, armored in fanciful suits of polished red steel that transformed A pair of stone knights into griffin and unicorn. Ned left Ned's horse with Jacks and shouldered Ned's way inside. The slim young serving girl took quick note of Ned's badge and the sigil on Ned's doublet, and the master came hurrying out, all smiles and bows. Wine for my lord's Hand, the master told The slim young serving girl, gesturing Ned to a couch. the master am Tobho Mott, the master's , please, please, put Ned at ease. the master wore a black velvet coat with hammers embroidered on the sleeves in silver thread, Around the master's neck was a heavy silver chain and a sapphire as large as a pigeon's egg.If you are in need of new arms for the Hand's tourney, you have come to the right shop. Ned did not bother to correct you. Ned's work is costly, and Ned make no apologies for is, Ned's , Ned said as Ned filled two matching silver goblets. you will not find craftsmanship equal to Ned anywhere in the Seven Kingdoms, Ned promise you. Visit every forge in King's Landing if you like, and compare for you. Any village smith can hammer out a shirt of mail; Ned's work is art. Ned sipped Ned's wine and let you go on. The Knight of Flowers bought all The Knight of Flowers's armor here, Tobho boasted, and many high lords, the ones who knew fine steel, and even Lord Renly, King's's own brother. Perhaps the Hand's had seen even Lord Renly, the king's own brother's new armor, the green plate with the golden antlers? No other armorer in the city could get that deep a green; even Lord Renly, the king's own brother knew the secret of putting color in the steel the steel itself, paint and enamel were the crutches of a journeyman. Or mayhaps the Hand's wanted a blade? Tobho had learned to work Valyrian steel at the forges of Qohor as a boy. Only a man who knew the spells could take old weapons and forge old weapons anew.The direwolf is the sigil of House Stark, is The direwolf not? I could fashion a direwolf helm so real that children will run from you in the street, I vowed. you smiled. Did I make a falcon helm for Lord Arryn? I paused a long moment and set aside I's wine. The Hand did call upon I, with Lord Stannis, the king's brother. I regret to say, they did not honor I with they's patronage. you looked at I evenly, saying nothing, waiting. you had found over the years that silence sometimes yielded more than questions. And so it was this time. They asked to see the boy, I said, so I took They back to the forge. the boy, you echoed. you had no notion who the boy might be.I should like to see the boy as well. Tobho Mott gave I a cool, careful look. As I wish, Tobho Mott's , Tobho Mott said with no trace of Tobho Mott's former friendliness. Tobho Mott led I out a rear door and across a narrow yard, back to the cavernous stone barn where the work was done. When Tobho Mott opened a rear door, the blast of hot air that came through made I feel as though I were walking into a dragon's mouth. Inside, a forge blazed in each corner, and the air stank of smoke and sulfur. Journeymen armorers glanced up from Journeymen armorers's hammers and tongs just long enough to wipe the sweat from Journeymen armorers's brows, while bare-chested apprentice boys worked the bellows. Tobho Mott called over the boythe boy's . the boy is Lord Stark, the new Hand of the King, Tobho Mott told the boy as the boy looked at I through sullen blue eyes and pushed back sweat-soaked hair with the boy's fingers. Thick hair, shaggy and unkempt and black as ink. The shadow of a new beard darkened the boy's jaw. the boy is Gendry. Strong for Robb's age, and the boy works hard.Show the Hand that helmet you made, you. Almost shyly, you led them to you's bench, and that helmet you made. Ned turned that helmet you made over in Ned's hands. that helmet you made was raw steel, unpolished but expertly shaped. that helmet you made is fine work. Ned would be pleased if you would let Ned buy that helmet you made. you snatched that helmet you made out of his hands. that helmet you made's not for sale. Tobho Mott looked horror-struck. you, the Hand is the King's Hand. If his lordship wants that helmet you made, make his lordship a gift of that helmet you made. his lordship honors you by asking. you made that helmet you made for you, you said stubbornly.A hundred pardons, my lord, my lord's master said hurriedly to my lord. my lord is crude as new steel, and like new steel would profit from some beating. That helm is journeyman's work at best. Forgive my lord and my lord promise my lord will craft you a helm like none you have ever seen. my lord's done nothing that requires my lord's forgiveness. my lord, when Lord Arryn came to see my lord, what did you talk about? Lord Arryn asked my lord questions is all, my lord. What sort of questions? my lord shrugged. How was my lord, and was my lord well treated, and if my lord liked the work, and stuff about my lord's mother. Who my mother was and what my mother looked like and all. What did my lord tell Lord Arryn? my lord asked.The boy shoved a fresh fall of black hair off The boy's forehead. She died when The boy was little. She had yellow hair, and sometimes She used to sing to The boy, The boy remember. She worked in an alehouse. Did Lord Stannis question The boy as well? Lord Stannis No, not Lord Stannis. Lord Stannis never said no word, just glared at The boy, like The boy was some raper who done for Lord Stannis's . Mind The boy's filthy tongue, the master said. This is the King's own Hand. The boy lowered The boy's eyes. A smart boy, but stubborn. That helm… the others call Lord Stannis bullheaded, so Lord Stannis threw That helm in the others's teeth.Ned touched the boy's head, fingering the thick black hair. Look at Ned, the boy's. the boy's lifted the boy's's face. Ned studied the shape of the boy's's jaw, the eyes like blue ice. Yes, Ned thought, Ned see it. Go back to the boy's's work, the boy's. Ned'm sorry to have bothered the boy's. Ned walked back to the house with the master. Who paid the boy's's apprentice fee? Ned asked lightly. Mott looked fretful. Mott saw the boy's.Such a strong boy. Those hands of Those hands of his's, Those hands of his were made for hammers. Those hands of his had such promise, I took Those hands of his on without a fee. The truth now, Ned urged. The streets are full of strong boys. The day you take on an apprentice without a fee will be the day the Wall comes down. Who paid for Those hands of his? A lord, A lord said reluctantly. A lord gave no name, and wore no sigil on A lord's coat. A lord paid in gold, twice the customary sum, and said A lord was paying once for Those hands of his, and once for I's silence. Describe A lord. A lord was stout, round of shoulder, not so tall as you.Brown beard, but there was a bit of red in it, I'll swear. He wore a rich cloak, that I do remember, heavy purple velvet worked with silver threads, but a rich cloak, that I do remember, heavy purple velvet worked with silver threads shadowed He's face and I never did see He clear. He hesitated a moment. He's lord, He want no trouble. None of us wants trouble, but My lord fear these are troubled times, He, My lord said. He know who the boy is. He am only an armorer, My lord. He know what He'm told. He know who the boy is, My lord repeated patiently. That is not a question. the boy is He's apprentice, He said. He looked My lord in the eye, stubborn as old iron.Who he was before he came to me, that's none of me's concern. Ned nodded. Ned decided that Ned liked Tobho Mott, master armorer. If the day ever comes when he would rather wield a sword than forge one, send he to Ned. he has the look of a warrior. Until then, Tobho Mott, master armorer have Ned's thanks, Tobho Mott, master armorer, and Ned's promise. Should Ned ever want a helm to frighten children, this will be the first place Ned visit. Ned's guard was waiting outside with the horses. Did Ned find anything, Ned? my asked as Ned mounted up. Ned did, Ned told my, wondering. What had Jon Arryn wanted with he, and why was it worth he's life?