 My lady, My lady ought cover My lady's head, Ser Rodrik told My lady as their horses plodded north. My lady will take a chill. It is only water, Ser Rodrik, My lady replied. My lady's hair hung wet and heavy, a loose strand stuck to My lady's forehead, and My lady could imagine how ragged and wild My lady must look, but for once My lady did not care. The southern rain was soft and warm. My lady liked the feel of The southern rain on My lady's face, gentle as a mother's kisses. The southern rain took My lady back to My lady's childhood, to long grey days at Riverrun. My lady remembered the godswood, drooping branches heavy with moisture, and the sound of My lady's brother's laughter as her brother's chased My lady through piles of damp leaves. My lady remembered making mud pies with Lysa, the weight of mud pies, the mud slick and brown between Lysa's fingers. They had served mud pies to Littlefinger, giggling, and Littlefinger'd eaten so much mud Littlefinger was sick for a week.How young they all had been. Catelyn had almost forgotten. In the north, the rain fell cold and hard, and sometimes at night the rain turned to ice. the rain was as likely to kill a crop as nurture a crop, and the rain sent grown men running for the nearest shelter. That was no rain for little girls to play in. I am soaked through, I complained. Even I's bones are wet. The woods pressed close around them, and the steady pattering of rain on leaves was accompanied by the small sucking sounds them's horses made as their horses's hooves pulled free of the mud. them will want a fire tonight, Catelyn, and a hot meal would serve them. There is an inn at the crossroads up ahead, Catelyn told I.She had slept many a night there in She's youth, traveling with She's father. her father had been a restless man in her father's prime, always riding somewhere. She still remembered the innkeep, a fat woman named Masha Heddle who chewed sourleaf night and day and seemed to have an endless supply of smiles and sweet cakes for the children. sweet cakes had been soaked with honey, rich and heavy on the tongue, but how She had dreaded smiles. sourleaf had stained Masha's teeth a dark red, and made Masha's smile a bloody horror. An inn, Ser Rodrik repeated wistfully. If only… but we dare not risk An inn. If we wish to remain unknown, Ser Rodrik think it best we seek out some small holdfast… Ser Rodrik broke off as we heard sounds up the road; splashing water, the clink of mail, a horse's whinny. Riders, Ser Rodrik warned, Ser Rodrik's hand dropping to the hilt of Ser Rodrik's sword. Even on the kingsroad, it never hurt to be wary.They followed the sounds around a lazy bend of the road and saw them; a column of armed men noisily fording a swollen stream. Catelyn reined up to let them pass. The banner in the hand of the foremost rider hung sodden and limp, but them wore indigo cloaks and on them's shoulders flew the silver eagle of Seagard. Mallisters, Ser Rodrik whispered to Catelyn, as if Catelyn had not known. Ser Rodrik's , best pull up Catelyn's hood. Catelyn made no move. Lord Jason Mallister himself rode with them, surrounded by Lord Jason Mallister himself's knights, Lord Jason Mallister himself's son Patrek by Lord Jason Mallister himself's side and their squires close behind. their were riding for King's Landing and the Hand's tourney, Catelyn knew. For the past week, the travelers had been thick as flies upon the road; knights and freeriders, singers with singers with their harps and drums's harps and drums, heavy wagons laden with hops or corn or casks of honey, traders and craftsmen and whores, and the travelers moving south. Catelyn studied Lord Jason Mallister himself boldly.The last time she had seen him him had been jesting with she's uncle at she's wedding feast; the Mallisters stood bannermen to the Tullys, and him's gifts had been lavish. him's brown hair was salted with white now, him's face chiseled gaunt by time, yet the years had not touched him's pride. him rode like a man who feared nothing. she envied him rode; she had come to fear so much. As the riders passed, him nodded a curt greeting, but nodded was only a high lord's courtesy to strangers chance met on the road. There was no recognition in those fierce eyes, and him's son did not even waste a look. him did not know she, Ser Rodrik said after, wondering. Ser Rodrik saw a pair of mud-spattered travelers by the side of the road, wet and tired. It would never occur to Ser Rodrik to suspect that one of a pair of mud-spattered travelers was the daughter of Ser Rodrik's . she think we shall be safe enough at the inn, Ser Rodrik.It was near dark when they reached it, at the crossroads north of the great confluence of the Trident. Masha Heddle was fatter and greyer than Catelyn remembered, still chewing Masha Heddle's sourleaf, but Masha Heddle gave they only the most cursory of looks, with nary a hint of Masha Heddle's ghastly red smile. Two rooms at the top of the stair, Two rooms at the top of the stair's all there is, Masha Heddle said, chewing all the while. Two rooms at the top of the stair're under the bell tower, they won't be missing meals, though there's some thinks it too noisy. Can't be helped. We're full up, or near as makes no matter. It's Two rooms at the top of the stair or the road. It was Two rooms at the top of the stairthe top of the stairthe stair. Leave they's boots down here, Masha Heddle told they after Masha Heddle'd taken they's coin. The boy will clean your boots.I won't have you tracking mud up I's stairs. Mind the bell. Those who come late to meals don't eat. There were no smiles, and no mention of sweet cakes. When the bell rang, the sound was deafening. Catelyn had changed into dry clothes. Catelyn sat by the window, watching rain run down the pane. The glass was milky and full of bubbles, and a wet dusk was falling outside. Catelyn could just make out the muddy crossing where the two great roads met. the muddy crossing where the two great roads met gave Catelyn's pause.If they turned west from here, it was an easy ride down to Riverrun. Her father had always given Her's wise counsel when Her needed wise counsel most, and Her yearned to talk to Her father, to warn Her father of the gathering storm. If Winterfell needed to brace for war, how much more so Riverrun, so much closer to King's Landing, with the power of Casterly Rock looming to the west like a shadow. If only Her father had been stronger, Her might have chanced talk, but Her father had been bedridden these past two years, and Her was loath to tax Her father now. The eastern road was wilder and more dangerous, climbing through rocky foothills and thick forests into the Mountains of the Moon, past high passes and deep chasms to the Vale of Arryn and the stony Fingers beyond. Above the Vale of Arryn, the Eyrie stood high and impregnable, the Eyrie's towers reaching for the sky. There Her would find Her's sister… and, perhaps, some of the answers Ned sought. Surely her sister knew more than her sister had dared to put in her sister's letter. her sister might have the very proof that Ned needed to bring the Lannisters to ruin, and if it came to war, they would need the Arryns and the eastern lords who owed they service. Yet The eastern road was perilous.Shadowcats prowled those passes, rock slides were common, and the mountain clans were lawless brigands, descending from the heights to rob and kill and melting away like snow whenever the knights rode out from the Vale in search of the mountain clans. Even Jon Arryn, as great a lord as any the Eyrie had ever known, had always traveled in strength when Even Jon Arryn, as great a lord as any the Eyrie had ever known crossed the mountains. Catelyn's only strength was one elderly knight, armored in loyalty. No, Catelyn's thought, Riverrun and the Eyrie would have to wait. Catelyn's's path ran north to Winterfell, where Catelyn's's sons and Catelyn's's duty were waiting for Catelyn's. As soon as her sons were safely past the Neck, Catelyn's could declare Catelyn's to one of Ned's bannermen, and send riders racing ahead with orders to mount a watch on the kingsroad. The rain obscured the fields beyond the crossroads, but Catelyn's saw the land clear enough in Catelyn's's memory. The marketplace was just across the way, and the village a mile farther on, half a hundred white cottages surrounding a small stone sept. There would be more now; the summer had been long and peaceful. North of here the kingsroad ran along the Green Fork of the Trident, through fertile valleys and green woodlands, past thriving towns and stout holdfasts and the castles of the river lords.Catelyn knew them all: the Blackwoods and the Brackens, ever enemies, whose quarrels Catelyn's father was obliged to settle; Lady Whent, last of Lady Whent, last of her line, who dwelt with her ghosts in the cavernous vaults of Harrenhal's line, who dwelt with Lady Whent, last of her line, who dwelt with her ghosts in the cavernous vaults of Harrenhal's ghosts in the cavernous vaults of Harrenhal; irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well's twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well. them all were bannermen to the Tullys, them all's swords sworn to the service of Riverrun. Catelyn wondered if that would be enough, if it came to war. her father was the staunchest man who'd ever lived, and Catelyn had no doubt that her father would call her father's banners… but would his banners come? The Darrys and Rygers and Mootons had sworn oaths to Riverrun as well, yet The Darrys and Rygers and Mootons had fought with Rhaegar Targaryen on the Trident, while irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well had arrived with irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well's levies well after the battle was over, leaving some doubt as to which army irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well had planned to join (theirs, irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well had assured the victors solemnly in the aftermath, but ever after her father had called irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well the Late Lord Frey). It must not come to war, Catelyn thought fervently. They must not let It. Ser Rodrik came for Catelyn just as the bell ceased the bell's clangor. We had best make haste if We hope to eat tonight, Ser Rodrik's . It might be safer if We were not knight and lady until We pass the Neck, Catelyn told Ser Rodrik.Common travelers attract less notice. A father and daughter taken to the road on some family business, say. As you say, you, my agreed. It was only when you laughed that my realized what my'd done. The old courtesies die hard, my's—my's daughter. my tried to tug on my's missing whiskers, and sighed with exasperation. you took my's arm. Come, my, you said. my'll find that Masha Heddle sets a good table, you think, but try not to praise Masha Heddle. my truly don't want to see Masha Heddle's smile.The common room was long and drafty, with a row of huge wooden kegs at one end and a fireplace at the other. A serving boy ran back and forth with skewers of meat while Masha drew beer from huge wooden kegs, chewing Masha's sourleaf all the while. The benches were crowded, townsfolk and farmers mingling freely with all manner of travelers. The crossroads made for odd companions; dyers with black and purple hands shared a bench with rivermen reeking of fish, an ironsmith thick with muscle squeezed in beside a wizened old septon, hard-bitten sellswords and soft plump merchants swapped news like boon companions. The company included more swords than Catelyn would have liked. Three by the fire wore the red stallion badge of the Brackens, and there was a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey. On a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey's shoulder was another familiar sigil, the twin towers of House Frey. Catelyn studied a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey's faces, but a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey were all too young to have known Catelyn. The senior among a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey would have been no older than Bran when Bran went north. Ser Rodrik found a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey an empty place on the bench near the kitchen.Across the table a handsome youth was fingering a woodharp. Seven blessings to you, you, a handsome youth said as you sat. An empty wine cup stood on the table before a handsome youth. And to a handsome youth, a handsome youth, Catelyn returned. Ser Rodrik called for bread and meat and beer in a tone that meant now. a handsome youth eyed you boldly and asked where you were going, and from whence you had come, and what news you had, letting the questions fly as quick as arrows and never pausing for an answer. you left King's Landing a fortnight ago, Catelyn replied, answering the safest of a handsome youth's questions. That's where a handsome youth'm bound, a handsome youth said. As Catelyn had suspected, a handsome youth was more interested in telling a handsome youth's own story than in hearing you. Singers loved nothing half so well as the sound of Singers's own voices.The Hand's tourney means rich lords with fat purses. The last time I came away with more silver than I could carry… or would have, if I hadn't lost more silver than I could carry betting on the Kingslayer to win the day. The gods frown on the gambler, Ser Rodrik said sternly. Ser Rodrik was of the north, and shared the Stark views on tournaments. The gods frowned on I, for certain, I said. The gods and the Knight of Flowers altogether did I in. No doubt that was a lesson for I, Ser Rodrik said. that was. This time I's coin will champion Ser Loras. Ser Rodrik tried to tug at whiskers that were not there, but before Ser Rodrik could frame a rebuke the serving boy came scurrying up.He laid trenchers of bread before them and filled trenchers of bread with chunks of browned meat off a skewer, dripping with hot juice. Another skewer held tiny onions, fire peppers, and fat mushrooms. He set to lustily as the lad ran back to fetch them beer. He's name is Marillion, He said, plucking a string on He's woodharp. Doubtless you've heard He play somewhere? He's manner made you smile. Few wandering singers ever ventured as far north as Winterfell, but you knew He's like from you's girlhood in Riverrun. you fear not, you told He. He drew a plaintive chord from his woodharp. That is you's loss, He said.Who was the finest singer you've ever heard? Alia of Braavos, Ser Rodrik answered at once. Oh, I'm much better than Alia of Braavos, I said. If you have the silver for a song, I'll gladly show you. you might have a copper or two, but you'd sooner toss a copper or two down a well than pay for I's howling, Ser Rodrik groused. Ser Rodrik's opinion of singers was well known; music was a lovely thing for girls, but Ser Rodrik could not comprehend why any healthy boy would fill any healthy boy's hand with a harp when any healthy boy might have had a sword. you has a sour nature, I said to you. I meant to do you honor. An homage to you's beauty. In truth, I was made to sing for kings and high lords.Oh, I can see that, I said. Lord Tully is fond of song, I hear. No doubt you've been to Riverrun. A hundred times, you said airily. They keep a chamber for you, and Lord Tully is like a brother. I smiled, wondering what Edmure would think of that. Another singer had once bedded a girl I's brother fancied; Another singer had hated the breed ever since. And Winterfell? I asked you. Have you traveled north?Why would I?' Marillion asked. It's all blizzards and bearskins up there, and the Starks know no music but the howling of wolves. Distantly, she was aware of the door banging open at the far end of the room. Innkeep, a servant's voice called out behind she, we have horses that want stabling, and a servant's's lord of Lannister requires a room and a hot bath. Oh, gods, Ser Rodrik said before she reached out to silence Ser Rodrik, she's fingers tightening hard around Ser Rodrik's forearm. Masha Heddle was bowing and smiling Masha Heddle hideous red smile. Masha Heddle'm sorry, m'lord, truly, we're full up, every room. There were four of them, she saw. An old man in the black of the Night's Watch, two servants… and him, standing there small and bold as life.My men will steep in your stable, and as for My, well, My do not require a large room, as your can plainly see. My flashed a mocking grin. So long as the fire's warm and the straw reasonably free of fleas, My am a happy man. Masha Heddle was beside Masha Heddle. My, there's nothing, it's the tourney, there's no help for it, oh…  My pulled a coin from My's purse and flicked a coin up over My's head, caught a coin, tossed a coin again. Even across the room, where Catelyn sat, the wink of gold was unmistakable. A freerider in a faded blue cloak lurched to A freerider in a faded blue cloak's feet. My're welcome to A freerider in a faded blue cloak's room, My. Now there's a clever man, My said as My sent a coin spinning across the room. A freerider in a faded blue cloak snatched a coin from the air.And a nimble one to boot. The dwarf turned back to Masha Heddle. Masha Heddle will be able to manage food, The dwarf trust? Anything The dwarf like, The dwarf, anything at all, Masha Heddle promised. And may The dwarf choke on anything at all, Catelyn thought, but it was The dwarf Catelyn saw choking, drowning on The dwarf's own blood. The dwarf glanced at the nearest tables. The dwarf's men will have whatever Masha Heddle're serving these people. Double portions, we've had a long hard ride. The dwarf'll take a roast fowl—chicken, duck, pigeon, it makes no matter. And send up a flagon of Masha Heddle's best wine.Yoren, will Yoren sup with me? Aye, me, Yoren will, Yoren replied. The dwarf had not so much as glanced toward the far end of the room, and Catelyn was thinking how grateful Catelyn was for the crowded benches between them when suddenly Marillion bounded to Marillion's feet. The dwarf! Marillion called out. Marillion would be pleased to entertain The dwarf while The dwarf eat. Let Marillion sing The dwarf the lay of The dwarf's father's great victory at King's Landing! Nothing would be more likely to ruin The dwarf's supper, The dwarf said dryly. The dwarf's mismatched eyes considered Marillion briefly, started to move away… and found Catelyn. The dwarf looked at Catelyn for a moment, puzzled.She turned She's face away, but too late. The dwarf was smiling. She, what an unexpected pleasure, The dwarf said. The dwarf was sorry to miss She at Winterfell. Marillion gaped at She, confusion giving way to chagrin as She rose slowly to She's feet. She heard Ser Rodrik curse. If only The dwarf had lingered at the Wall, She thought, if only…  She Masha Heddle said thickly. She was still Catelyn Tully the last time She bedded here, She told Masha Heddle. She could hear the muttering, feel the eyes upon She.Catelyn glanced around the room, at the faces of the knights and sworn swords, and took a deep breath to slow the frantic beating of Catelyn's heart. Did Catelyn dare take the risk? There was no time to think it through, only the moment and the sound of Catelyn's own voice ringing in Catelyn's ears. You in the corner, Catelyn said to an older man Catelyn had not noticed until now. Is that the black bat of Harrenhal Catelyn see embroidered on You in the corner's surcoat, You in the corner? You in the corner got to You in the corner's feet. that is, You in the corner's . And is Catelyn a true and honest friend to my father, Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun? Catelyn is, You in the corner replied stoutly. You in the corner rose quietly and loosened You in the corner's sword in his sword's scabbard.The dwarf was blinking at them, blank-faced, with puzzlement in The dwarf's mismatched eyes. The red stallion was ever a welcome sight in Riverrun, she said to the trio by the fire. she's father counts Jonos Bracken among My father's oldest and most loyal bannermen. the trio by the fire exchanged uncertain looks. My father is honored by My father's trust, one of the trio by the fire said hesitantly. I envy My father all these fine friends, I quipped, but I do not quite see the purpose of this, she. she ignored I, turning to the large party in blue and grey. the large party in blue and grey were the heart of the matter; there were more than twenty of the large party in blue and grey. she know the large party in blue and grey's sigil as well: the twin towers of Frey. How fares the large party in blue and grey's good lord, the large party in blue and grey?Their captain rose. Lord Walder is well, my lady. Lord Walder plans to take a new wife on Lord Walder's ninetieth name day, and has asked my lady's lord father to honor the wedding with your lord father's presence. Tyrion Lannister sniggered. That was when my lady knew Lord Walder was my lady. Lord Walder came a guest into my lady's house, and there conspired to murder my lady's son, a boy of seven, my lady proclaimed to the room at large, pointing. Ser Rodrik moved to my lady's side, Ser Rodrik's sword in hand. In the name of your lord father and the good lords the room at large serve, my lady call upon the room at large to seize Lord Walder and help my lady return Lord Walder to Winterfell to await your lord father's justice. my lady did not know what was more satisfying: the sound of a dozen swords drawn as one or the look on Tyrion Lannister's face.