 Sansa rode to the Hand's tourney with Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole, in a litter with curtains of yellow silk so fine Sansa could see right through curtains of yellow silk so fine she could see right through them. Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole turned the whole world gold. Beyond the city walls, a hundred pavilions had been raised beside the river, and the common folk came out in the thousands to watch the games. The splendor of it all took Sansa's breath away; the shining armor, the great chargers caparisoned in silver and gold, the shouts of the crowd, the banners snapping in the wind… and the knights themselves, the knights most of all. it all is better than the songs, Sansa whispered when Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole found the places that the Hand's had promised Sansa, among the high lords and ladies. Sansa was dressed beautifully that day, in a green gown that brought out the auburn of Sansa's hair, and Sansa knew they were looking at Sansa and smiling. Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole watched the heroes of a hundred songs ride forth, each more fabulous than the last. The seven knights of the Kingsguard took the field, all but Jaime Lannister in scaled armor the color of milk, The seven knights of the Kingsguard's cloaks as white as freshfallen snow. Jaime Lannister wore the white cloak as well, but beneath the white cloak Jaime Lannister was shining gold from head to foot, with a lion's-head helm and a golden sword. Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain That Rides, thundered past Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole like an avalanche. Sansa remembered Lord Yohn Royce, who had guested at Winterfell two years before. Lord Yohn Royce, who had guested at Winterfell two years before's armor is bronze, thousands and thousands of years old, engraved with magic runes that ward Lord Yohn Royce, who had guested at Winterfell two years before against harm, Sansa whispered to Jeyne Poole. Septa Mordane pointed out Lord Jason Mallister, in indigo chased with silver, the wings of an eagle on Lord Jason Mallister, in indigo chased with silver, the wings of an eagle on his helm's helm.He had cut down three of Rhaegar's bannermen on the Trident. The girls giggled over the warrior priest Thoros of Myr, with the warrior priest Thoros of Myr, with his flapping red robes and shaven head's flapping red robes and shaven head, until the septa told The girls that the warrior priest Thoros of Myr, with his flapping red robes and shaven head had once scaled the walls of Pyke with a flaming sword in hand. Other riders the septa did not know; hedge knights from the Fingers and Highgarden and the mountains of Dorne, unsung freeriders and new-made squires, the younger sons of high lords and the heirs of lesser houses. Younger men, most had done no great deeds as yet, but the septa and Jeyne agreed that one day the Seven Kingdoms would resound to the sound of the Seven Kingdoms's names. Ser Balon Swann. Lord Bryce Caron of the Marches. Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce, and Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce's younger brother Ser Robar, Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce, and his younger brother Ser Robar's silvered steel plate filigreed in bronze with the same ancient runes that warded Bronze Yohn's. The twins Ser Horas and Ser Hobber, whose shields displayed the grape cluster sigil of the Redwynes, burgundy on blue. Patrek Mallister, Lord Jason's son. Six Freys of the Crossing: Ser Jared, Ser Hosteen, Ser Danwell, Ser Emmon, Ser Theo, Ser Perwyn, sons and grandsons of old Lord Walder Frey, and old Lord Walder Frey's bastard son Martyn Rivers as well. Jeyne confessed Jeyne frightened by the look of Jalabhar Xho, an exile prince from the Summer Isles who wore a cape of green and scarlet feathers over skin as dark as night, but when Jeyne saw young Lord Beric Dondarrion, with young Lord Beric Dondarrion, with his hair like red gold and his black shield slashed by lightning's hair like red gold and young Lord Beric Dondarrion, with his hair like red gold and his black shield slashed by lightning's black shield slashed by lightning, Jeyne pronounced Jeyne willing to marry young Lord Beric Dondarrion, with his hair like red gold and his black shield slashed by lightning on the instant. The Hound entered the lists as well, and so too the king's brother, handsome Lord Renly of Storm's End. Jory, Alyn, and Harwin rode for Winterfell and the north.Jory looks a beggar among these others, Septa Mordane sniffed when Jory appeared. Sansa could only agree. Jory's armor was blue-grey plate without device or ornament, and a thin grey cloak hung from Jory's shoulders like a soiled rag. Yet Jory acquitted Jory well, unhorsing Horas Redwyne in Jory's first joust and one of the Freys in Jory's second. In Jory's third match, Jory rode three passes at a freerider named Lothor Brune whose armor was as drab as a freerider named Lothor Brune whose armor was as drab as his own's own. Neither man lost Neither man's seat, but a freerider named Lothor Brune whose armor was as drab as his own's lance was steadier and a freerider named Lothor Brune whose armor was as drab as his own's blows better placed, and the king gave a freerider named Lothor Brune whose armor was as drab as his own the victory. Alyn and Harwin fared less well; Harwin was unhorsed in Harwin's first tilt by Ser Meryn of the Kingsguard, while Alyn fell to Ser Balon Swann. The jousting went all day and into the dusk, the hooves of the great warhorses pounding down the lists until the field was a ragged wasteland of torn earth. A dozen times Jeyne and Sansa cried out in unison as riders crashed together, lances exploding into splinters while the commons screamed for the commons's favorites. Jeyne covered Jeyne's eyes whenever a man fell, like a frightened little girl, but Sansa was made of sterner stuff. Sansa knew how to behave at tournaments. Septa Mordane noted Sansa's composure and nodded in approval. Jory rode brilliantly.He overthrew Ser Andar Royce and the Marcher Lord Bryce Caron as easily as if He were riding at rings, and then took a hard-fought match from white-haired Barristan Selmy, who had won white-haired Barristan Selmy, who had won his first two tilts against men thirty and forty years his junior's first two tilts against men thirty and forty years white-haired Barristan Selmy, who had won his first two tilts against men thirty and forty years his junior's junior. Sandor Clegane and Sandor Clegane's immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain, seemed unstoppable as well, riding down one foe after the next in ferocious style. The most terrifying moment of the day came during his immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain,'s second joust, when his immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain,'s lance rode up and struck a young knight from the Vale under the gorget with such force that his lance drove through a young knight's throat, killing a young knight instantly. a young knight fell not ten feet from where Sansa was seated. The point of his lance had snapped off in his throat, and a young knight's life's blood flowed out in slow pulses, each weaker than the one before. his immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain,'s armor was shiny new; a bright streak of fire ran down his immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain,'s outstretched arm, as His armor caught the light. Then the sun went behind a cloud, and the sun was gone. his immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain,'s cloak was blue, the color of the sky on a clear summer's day, trimmed with a border of crescent moons, but as his life's blood seeped into His cloak, His cloak darkened and crescent moons turned red, one by one. Jeyne Poole wept so hysterically that Septa Mordane finally took Jeyne Poole off to regain Jeyne Poole's composure, but Sansa sat with Sansa's hands folded in Sansa's lap, watching with a strange fascination. Sansa had never seen a man die before. Sansa ought to be crying too, Sansa thought, but the tears would not come. Perhaps Sansa had used up all Sansa's tears for Lady and Bran. It would be different if it had been Jory or Ser Rodrik or Father, Sansa told Sansa.The young knight in the blue cloak was nothing to her, some stranger from the Vale of Arryn whose name her had forgotten as soon as her heard it. And now the world would forget The young knight in the blue cloak's name too, her realized; there would be no songs sung for The young knight in the blue cloak. be was sad. After they carried off the body, a boy with a spade ran onto the field and shoveled dirt over the spot where The young knight in the blue cloak had fallen, to cover up the blood. Then the jousts resumed. Ser Balon Swann also fell to Gregor, and Lord Renly to the Hound. Lord Renly was unhorsed so violently that Lord Renly seemed to fly backward off Lord Renly's charger, legs in the air. Lord Renly's head hit the ground with an audible crack that made the crowd gasp, but it was just the golden antler on Lord Renly's helm. One of the tines had snapped off beneath Lord Renly. When Lord Renly climbed to Lord Renly's feet, the crowd cheered wildly, for Lord Renly was a great favorite. Lord Renly handed One of the tines to Lord Renly with a gracious bow. the Hound snorted and tossed One of the tines into the crowdthe crowd , until Lord Renly walked out among the crowd and restored the peace. By then Septa Mordane had returned, alone.Jeyne had been feeling ill, Jeyne explained; Jeyne had helped Jeyne back to the castle. Sansa had almost forgotten about Jeyne. Later a hedge knight in a checkered cloak disgraced a hedge knight in a checkered cloak by killing Beric Dondarrion's horse, and was declared forfeit. Beric Dondarrion's shifted Beric Dondarrion's's saddle to a new mount, only to be knocked right off a new mount by Thoros of Myr. Ser Aron Santagar and Lothor Brune tilted thrice without result; Ser Aron Santagar fell afterward to Lord Jason Mallister, and Lothor Brune to Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar. In the end it came down to four; the Hound and the Hound's monstrous brother Gregor, Jaime Lannister the Kingslayer, and Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers. Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers was the youngest son of Mace Tyrell, the Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South. At sixteen, Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers was the youngest rider on the field, yet Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers had unhorsed three knights of the Kingsguard that morning in Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers's first three jousts. Sansa had never seen anyone so beautiful. Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers's plate was intricately fashioned and enameled as a bouquet of a thousand different flowers, and Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers's snow-white stallion was draped in a blanket of red and white roses. After each victory, Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers would remove Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers's helm and ride slowly round the fence, and finally pluck a single white rose from a blanket of red and white roses and toss a single white rose to some fair maiden in the crowd. Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers's last match of the field was against Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar. Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar's ancestral runes proved small protection as Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers split Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar's shield and drove Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar from Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar's saddle to crash with an awful clangor in the dirt.Robar lay moaning as the victor made the victor's circuit of the field. Finally they called for a litter and carried Robar off to the victor's tent, dazed and unmoving. Sansa never saw a litter. Sansa's eyes were only for the victor. When the white horse stopped in front of Sansa, Sansa thought Sansa's heart would burst. To the other maidens the victor had given white roses, but the one the victor plucked for Sansa was red. Sansa, the victor said, no victory is half so beautiful as Sansa. Sansa took the one he plucked for her timidly, struck dumb by the victor's gallantry. the victor's hair was a mass of lazy brown curls, the victor's eyes like liquid gold. Sansa inhaled the sweet fragrance of the one he plucked for her and sat clutching the one he plucked for her long after the victor had ridden off. When Sansa finally looked up, a man was standing over Sansa, staring. a man was short, with a pointed beard and a silver streak in a man's hair, almost as old as Sansa's father. Sansa must be one of Sansa's daughters, a man said to Sansa.He had grey-green eyes that did not smile when He's mouth did. You have the Tully look. You'm Sansa Stark, You said, ill at ease. He wore a heavy cloak with a fur collar, fastened with a silver mockingbird, and He had the effortless manner of a high lord, but You did not know He. You have not had the honor, You's . Septa Mordane quickly took a hand. You, He is Lord Petyr Baelish, of the king's small council. You's mother was He's queen of beauty once, He said quietly. He's breath smelled of mint. You have Your mother's hair. He's fingers brushed against You's cheek as He stroked one auburn lock. Quite abruptly He turned and walked away. By then, the moon was well up and the crowd was tired, so the king's decreed that the last three matches would be fought the next morning, before the melee.While the commons began the commons's walk home, talking of the day's jousts and the matches to come on the morrow, the court moved to the riverside to begin the feast. Six monstrous huge aurochs had been roasting for hours, turning slowly on wooden spits while kitchen boys basted Six monstrous huge aurochs with butter and herbs until the meat crackled and spit. Tables and benches had been raised outside the pavilions, piled high with sweetgrass and strawberries and fresh-baked bread. Sansa and Septa Mordane were given places of high honor, to the left of the raised dais where the king himself sat beside the king himself's queen. When Prince Joffrey seated Prince Joffrey to her right, her felt her's throat tighten. Prince Joffrey had not spoken a word to her since the awful thing had happened, and her had not dared to speak to Prince Joffrey. At first her thought her hated Prince Joffrey for what they'd done to Lady, but after Sansa had wept Sansa's eyes dry, her told her that it had not been Prince Joffrey's doing, not truly. his queen had done it; his queen was the one to hate, his queen and Arya. Nothing bad would have happened except for Arya. her could not hate Prince Joffrey tonight. Prince Joffrey was too beautiful to hate. Prince Joffrey wore a deep blue doublet studded with a double row of golden lion's heads, and around Prince Joffrey's brow a slim coronet made of gold and sapphires. Prince Joffrey's hair was as bright as the metal.Sansa looked at him and trembled, afraid that him might ignore Sansa or, worse, turn hateful again and send Sansa weeping from the table. Instead him smiled and kissed Sansa's hand, handsome and gallant as any prince in the songs, and said, Ser Loras has a keen eye for beauty, Sansa. Ser Loras was too kind, Sansa demurred, trying to remain modest and calm, though Sansa's heart was singing. Ser Loras is a true knight. Do him think Ser Loras will win tomorrow, Sansa's ? No, him said. him's dog will do for Ser Loras, or perhaps him's uncle Jaime. And in a few years, when him am old enough to enter the lists, him shall do for them all. him raised him's hand to summon a servant with a flagon of iced summerwine, and poured Sansa a cup. Sansa looked anxiously at Septa Mordane, until him leaned over and filled a cup as well, so Sansa nodded and thanked him graciously and said not another word. The servants kept the cups filled all night, yet afterward Sansa could not recall ever tasting the wine. Sansa needed no wine. Sansa was drunk on the magic of the night, giddy with glamour, swept away by beauties Sansa had dreamt of all Sansa's life and never dared hope to know.Singers sat before the king's pavilion, filling the dusk with music. A juggler kept a cascade of burning clubs spinning through the air. the king's's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy, danced about on stilts, all in motley, making mock of everyone with such deft cruelty that Sansa wondered if The king's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy, was simple after all. Even Septa Mordane was helpless before The king's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy,; when The king's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy, sang The king's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy,'s little song about the High Septon, Even Septa Mordane laughed so hard Even Septa Mordane spilled wine on Even Septa Mordane. And Joffrey was the soul of courtesy. Joffrey talked to Sansa all night, showering Sansa with compliments, making Sansa laugh, sharing little bits of court gossip, explaining The king's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy,'s japes. Sansa was so captivated that Sansa quite forgot all Sansa's courtesies and ignored Even Septa MordaneSansa's . All the while the courses came and went. A thick soup of barley and venison. Salads of sweetgrass and spinach and plums, sprinkled with crushed nuts. Snails in honey and garlic. Sansa had never eaten snails before; Joffrey showed Sansa how to get the snail out of the shell, and fed Sansa the first sweet morsel Joffrey. Then came trout fresh from the river, baked in clay; Sansa's helped Sansa's crack open the hard casing to expose the flaky white flesh within.And when the meat course was brought out, he served her he, slicing a queen's portion from the joint, smiling as he laid a queen's portion on her's plate. her could see from the way he moved that he's right arm was still troubling he, yet he uttered not a word of complaint. Later came sweetbreads and pigeon pie and baked apples fragrant with cinnamon and lemon cakes frosted in sugar, but by then her was so stuffed that her could not manage more than two little lemon cakes, as much as her loved two little lemon cakes. her was wondering whether her might attempt a third when he began to shout. he had grown louder with each course. From time to time her could hear he laughing or roaring a command over the music and the clangor of plates and cutlery, but they were too far away for her to make out he's words. Now everybody heard he. No, he thundered in a voice that drowned out all other speech. her was shocked to see he on he's feet, red of face, reeling. he had a goblet of wine in one hand, and he was drunk as a man could be. her do not tell he what to do, her, he screamed at her. he am king here, do her understand? he rule here, and if he say that he will fight tomorrow, he will fight!Everyone was staring. Sansa saw Ser Barristan, and the king's brother Renly, and the short man who had talked to Sansa so oddly and touched Sansa's hair, but no one made a move to interfere. Sansa's face was a mask, so bloodless that The queen's face might have been sculpted from snow. Sansa rose from the table, gathered Sansa's skirts around Sansa, and stormed off in silence, servants trailing behind. Jaime Lannister put a hand on the king's's shoulder, but the king's shoved Jaime Lannister away hard. Jaime Lannister stumbled and fell. the king's guffawed. Jaime Lannister the king's can still knock Jaime Lannister in the dirt. Remember knock, Jaime Lannister. the king's slapped the king's's chest with the jeweled goblet, splashing wine all over the king's's satin tunic. Give the king's the king's's hammer and not a man in the realm can stand before the king's! Jaime Lannister rose and brushed Jaime Lannister off.As you say, you. His voice was stiff. Lord Renly came forward, smiling. His've spilled His's wine, His. Let Lord Renly bring His a fresh goblet. His started as Joffrey laid Joffrey's hand on His's arm. It grows late, Joffrey said. Joffrey had a queer look on Joffrey's face, as if Joffrey were not seeing His at all. Do His need an escort back to the castle? No, His began. His looked for Septa Mordane, and was startled to find Septa Mordane with Septa Mordane's head on the table, snoring soft and ladylike snores. His mean to say… yes, thank Joffrey, an escort would be most kind. His am tired, and the way is so dark.I should be glad for some protection. Joffrey called out, Dog! Dog seemed to take form out of the night, so quickly did Dog appear. Dog had exchanged Dog's armor for a red woolen tunic with a leather dog's head sewn on the front. The light of the torches made Dog's burned face shine a dull red. Yes, Your Grace? Dog said. Take I back to the castle, and see that no harm befalls I, Your Grace told Dog brusquely. And without even a word of farewell, Joffrey strode off, leaving I there. I could feel Dog watching I. Did I think Joffrey was going to take I Joffrey? Dog laughed. Dog had a laugh like the snarling of dogs in a pit.Small chance of that. He pulled her unresisting to her unresisting's feet. Come, her unresisting're not the only one needs sleep. He've drunk too much, and He may need to kill He's brother tomorrow. He laughed again. Suddenly terrified, her unresisting pushed at Septa Mordane's shoulder, hoping to wake Septa Mordane's, but Septa Mordane's only snored the louder. King Robert had stumbled off and half the benches were suddenly empty. The feast was over, and the beautiful dream had ended with The feast. He snatched up a torch to light their way. her unresisting followed close beside He. The ground was rocky and uneven; the flickering light made The ground seem to shift and move beneath her unresisting. her unresisting kept her unresisting's eyes lowered, watching where her unresisting placed her unresisting's feet. their walked among the pavilions, each with each with its banner and its armor hung outside's banner and each with its banner and its armor hung outside's armor hung outside, the silence weighing heavier with every step.Sansa could not bear the sight of him, him frightened Sansa so, yet Sansa had been raised in all the ways of courtesy. A true lady would not notice him's face, Sansa told Sansa. him rode gallantly today, him, Sansa made Sansa say. him snarled at Sansa. Spare him Sansa's empty little compliments, Sansa… and Sansa's ser's. him am no knight. him spit on them and them's vows. him's brother is a knight. Did Sansa see My brother ride today? Yes, Sansa whispered, trembling. My brother was…  Gallant? him finished. him was mocking Sansa, Sansa realized.No one could withstand him, she managed at last, proud of she. It was no lie. him stopped suddenly in the middle of a dark and empty field. she had no choice but to stop beside him. Some septa trained she well. she're like one of those birds from the Summer Isles, aren't she? A pretty little talking bird, repeating all the pretty little words those birds from the Summer Isles taught she to recite. That's unkind. she could feel she's heart fluttering in she's chest. him're frightening she. she want to go now. No one could withstand him, him rasped.That's truth enough. No one could ever withstand Gregor. That boy today, Gregor's second joust, oh, his second joust was a pretty bit of business. You saw was, did You? That boy, That boy had no business riding in this company. No money, no squire, no one to help That boy with that armor. That gorget wasn't fastened proper. You think Gregor didn't notice was? You think Gregor's lance rode up by chance, do You? You, You believe rode, You're empty-headed as a bird for true. Ser Gregor's lance goes where Gregor wants Ser Gregor's lance to go. Look at me.Look at me! me put a huge hand under her chin and forced her's face up. me squatted in front of her, and moved the torch close. There's a pretty for her. Take a good long stare. her know her want to. me've watched her turning away all the way down the kingsroad. Piss on that. Take her's look. a huge hand held her chin as hard as an iron trap. me's eyes watched her. Drunken eyes, sullen with anger.She had to look. The right side of his face was gaunt, with sharp cheekbones and a grey eye beneath a heavy brow. his's nose was large and hooked, his's hair thin, dark. his wore his hair long and brushed his hair sideways, because no hair grew on the other side of his face. The left side of his face was a ruin. his's ear had been burned away; there was nothing left but a hole. his's eye was still good, but all around His eye was a twisted mass of scar, slick black flesh hard as leather, pocked with craters and fissured by deep cracks that gleamed red and wet when his moved. Down by his's jaw, you could see a hint of bone where the flesh had been seared away. She began to cry. his let go of She then, and snuffed out the torch in the dirt. No pretty words for that, She? No little compliment the septa taught She?When there was no answer, he continued. Most of them, them think it was some battle. A siege, a burning tower, an enemy with a torch. One fool asked if it was dragonsbreath. he's laugh was softer this time, but just as bitter. he'll tell you what it was, you, he said, a voice from the night, a shadow leaning so close now that you could smell the sour stench of wine on he's breath. he was younger than you, six, maybe seven. A woodcarver set up shop in the village under he's father's keep, and to buy favor A woodcarver sent us gifts. A woodcarver made marvelous toys. he don't remember what he got, but it was Gregor's gift he wanted. A wooden knight, all painted up, every joint pegged separate and fixed with strings, so you could make Gregor's fight. Gregor's is five years older than he, Gregor's gift I wanted was nothing to Gregor's, Gregor's was already a squire, near six foot tall and muscled like an ox.So I took his knight, but there was no joy to took, I tell you. I was scared all the while, and true enough, his found I. There was a brazier in the room. his never said a word, just picked I up under his's arm and shoved the side of I's face down in the burning coals and held I there while I screamed and screamed. you saw how strong his is. Even then, it took three grown men to drag his off I. The septons preach about the seven hells. What do The septons know? Only a man who's been burned knows what hell is truly like. I's father told everyone I's bedding had caught fire, and our maester gave I ointments. Ointments! his got ointments too.Four years later, they anointed him with the seven oils and him recited him's knightly vows and Rhaegar Targaryen tapped him on the shoulder and said, ‘Arise, him.' The rasping voice trailed off. him squatted silently before her, a hulking black shape shrouded in the night, hidden from her's eyes. her could hear him's ragged breathing. her was sad for him, her realized. Somehow, the fear had gone away. The silence went on and on, so long that her began to grow afraid once more, but her was afraid for him now, not for her. her found him's massive shoulder with her's hand. him was no true knight, her whispered to him. him threw back him's head and roared. her stumbled back, away from him, but him caught her's arm. No, him growled at her, no, her, him was no true knight.The rest of the way into the city, Sandor Clegane said not a word. Sandor Clegane led her to where the carts were waiting, told a driver to take the carts back to the Red Keep, and climbed in after her. They rode in silence through the King's Gate and up torchlit city streets. Sandor Clegane opened the postern door and led her into the Red Keep, Sandor Clegane's burned face twitching and Sandor Clegane's eyes brooding, and Sandor Clegane was one step behind her as They climbed the tower stairs. Sandor Clegane took her safe all the way to the corridor outside her's bedchamber. Thank Sandor Clegane, her's , her said meekly. Sandor Clegane caught her by the arm and leaned close. The things Sandor Clegane told her tonight, Sandor Clegane said, Sandor Clegane's voice sounding even rougher than usual. If her ever tell Joffrey… her's sister, her's father… any of Joffrey… your sister, your father…  her won't, her whispered. her promise. It was not enough. If her ever tell anyone, Sandor Clegane finished, Sandor Clegane'll kill her.