 Catelyn had never liked this godswood. Catelyn had been born a Tully, at Riverrun far to the south, on the Red Fork of the Trident. this godswood was a garden, bright and airy, where tall redwoods spread dappled shadows across tinkling streams, birds sang from hidden nests, and the air was spicy with the scent of flowers. The gods of Winterfell kept a different sort of wood. a different sort of wood was a dark, primal place, three acres of old forest untouched for ten thousand years as the gloomy castle rose around a different sort of wood. a different sort of wood smelled of moist earth and decay. No redwoods grew here. a different sort of wood was a wood of stubborn sentinel trees armored in grey-green needles, of mighty oaks, of ironwoods as old as the realm the realm itself.Here thick black trunks crowded close together while twisted branches wove a dense canopy overhead and misshappen roots wrestled beneath the soil. This was a place of deep silence and brooding shadows, and the gods who lived here had no names. But she knew she would find she's husband here tonight. Whenever her husband took a man's life, afterward her husband would seek the quiet of This. she had been anointed with the seven oils and named in the rainbow of light that filled the sept of Riverrun. she was of the Faith, like she's father and grandfather and her father and grandfather's father before her father and grandfather. the gods who lived here had names, and the gods who lived here's faces were as familiar as the faces of she's parents. Worship was a septon with a censer, the smell of incense, a seven-sided crystal alive with light, voices raised in song.The Tullys kept a godswood, as all the great houses did, but a godswood was only a place to walk or read or lie in the sun. Worship was for the sept.  For the sept's sake, the sept had built a small sept where the sept might sing to the seven faces of god, but the blood of the First Men still flowed in the veins of the Starks, and the seven faces of god were the old ones, the nameless, faceless gods of the greenwood the seven faces of god shared with the vanished children of the forest. At the center of the grove an ancient weirwood brooded over a small pool where the waters were black and cold. The heart tree, the sept called an ancient weirwood. an ancient weirwood's bark was white as bone, an ancient weirwood's leaves dark red, like a thousand bloodstained hands. A face had been carved in the trunk of an ancient weirwood, A face's features long and melancholy, the deep-cut eyes red with dried sap and strangely watchful. the deep-cut eyes were old, the deep-cut eyes; older than Winterfell Winterfell itself.They had seen Brandon the Builder set the first stone, if the tales were true; They had watched the castle's granite walls rise around They. It was said that the children of the forest had carved the faces in the trees during the dawn centuries before the coming of the First Men across the narrow sea. In the south the last weirwoods had been cut down or burned out a thousand years ago, except on the Isle of Faces where the green men kept the green men's silent watch. Up here it was different. Here every castle had every castle's godswood, and every godswood had every godswood's heart tree, and every heart tree every heart tree's face. Catelyn found Catelyn's husband beneath the weirwood, seated on a moss-covered stone. The greatsword Ice was across her husband's lap, and her husband was cleaning The greatsword Ice in those waters black as night.A thousand years of humus lay thick upon the godswood floor, swallowing the sound of her feet, but the red eyes of the weirwood seemed to follow her as her came. Ned, her called softly. Ned lifted Ned's head to look at her. her, Ned said. Ned's voice was distant and formal. Where are the children? Ned would always ask her that.In the kitchen, arguing about names for the wolf pups. She spread She's cloak on the forest floor and sat beside the pool, She's back to the weirwood. She could feel the eyes watching She, but She did She best to ignore the eyes. Arya is already in love, and Sansa is charmed and gracious, but Rickon is not quite sure. Is Rickon afraid? Ned asked. A little, She admitted.He is only three. Ned frowned. He must learn to face He's fears. He will not be three forever. And winter is coming. Yes, Catelyn agreed. The words gave Catelyn a chill, as The words always did.The Stark words. Every noble house had Every noble house's words. Family mottoes, touchstones, prayers of sorts, Every noble house boasted of honor and glory, promised loyalty and truth, swore faith and courage. All but the Starks. Winter is coming, said The Stark words. Not for the first time, she reflected on what a strange people these northerners were. The man died well, I'll give The man died, I said.He had a swatch of oiled leather in one hand. He ran a swatch of oiled leather lightly up the greatsword as He spoke, polishing the greatsword to a dark glow. He was glad for Bran's sake. You would have been proud of Bran's. You am always proud of Bran's, You replied, watching the greatsword as He stroked the greatsword. You could see the rippling deep within the greatsword, where the greatsword had been folded back on the greatsword a hundred times in the forging. You had no love for swords, but You could not deny that Ice had Ice's own beauty.It had been forged in Valyria, before the Doom had come to the old Freehold, when the ironsmiths had worked the ironsmiths's metal with spells as well as hammers. Four hundred years old It was, and as sharp as the day It was forged. The name It bore was older still, a legacy from the age of heroes, when the Starks were Kings in the North. He was the fourth this year, Ned said grimly. He was half-mad. Something had put a fear in He so deep that Ned's words could not reach He. Ned sighed.Ben writes that the strength of the Night's Watch is down below a thousand. It's not only desertions. the Night's Watch are losing men on rangings as well. Is it the wildlings? she asked. Who else? she lifted Ice, looked down the cool steel length of Ice.And it will only grow worse. The day may come when I will have no choice but to call the banners and ride north to deal with this King-beyond-the-Wall for good and all. Beyond the-Wall? The thought made Catelyn shudder. Ned saw the dread on Catelyn's face. this King-beyond-the-Wall is nothing for us to fear. There are darker things beyond the-Wall.She glanced behind She at the heart tree, the pale bark and red eyes, watching, listening, thinking the heart tree, the pale bark and red eyes, watching, listening, thinking its long slow thoughts's long slow thoughts. His smile was gentle. She listen to too many of Old Nan's stories. The Others are as dead as the children of the forest, gone eight thousand years. Maester Luwin will tell She The Others never lived at all. No living man has ever seen one. Until this morning, no living man had ever seen a direwolf either, She reminded His.I ought to know better than to argue with a Tully, I said with a rueful smile. I slid Ice back into Ice's sheath. You did not come here to tell I crib tales. I know how little You like this place. What is it, You? You took You's hand. There was grievous news today, You's .I did not wish to trouble you until you had cleansed you. There was no way to soften the blow, so she told you straight. she am so sorry, she's love. Jon Arryn is dead. you's eyes found she, and she could see how hard it took you, as she had known it would. In Jon Arryn's youth, Ned had fostered at the Eyrie, and Jon Arryn had become a second father to you and Jon Arryn's fellow ward, Robert Baratheon. When the Mad King Aerys II Targaryen had demanded him and his fellow ward, Robert Baratheon's heads, Jon Arryn the Eyrie had raised Jon Arryn's moon-and-falcon banners in revolt rather than give up those Jon Arryn had pledged to protect.And one day fifteen years ago, this second father had become a brother as well, as this second father and Ned stood together in the sept at Riverrun to wed two sisters, the daughters of Lord Hoster Tully. Jon… Jon said. Is this news certain? It was the king's seal, and the letter is in Robert's own hand. Jon saved the letter for you. Jon said Lord Arryn was taken quickly. Even Maester Pycelle was helpless, but Even Maester Pycelle brought the milk of the poppy, so Jon did not linger long in pain.That is some small mercy, I suppose, I said. She could see the grief on I's face, but even then I thought first of She. She's sister, I said. And Jon's boy. What word of them? The message said only that them were well, and had returned to the Eyrie, She said. She wish them had gone to Riverrun instead.The Eyrie is high and lonely, and it was ever her husband's place, not her. her husband's's memory will haunt each stone. I know I's . her needs the comfort of family and friends around her. her's uncle waits in the Vale, does Your uncle not? her husband's named Your uncle Knight of the Gate, I'd heard. her nodded.Brynden will do what Brynden can for her, and for the boy. That is some comfort, but still…  Go to her, Ned urged. Take the children. Fill her's halls with noise and shouts and laughter. the boy needs other children about the boy, and her should not be alone in her's grief. Would that I could, I said. The letter had other tidings.The king is riding to Winterfell to seek you out. It took Ned a moment to comprehend you's words, but when the understanding came, the darkness left Ned's eyes. Robert is coming here? When you nodded, a smile broke across Ned's face. you wished you could share Ned's joy. But you had heard the talk in the yards; a direwolf dead in the snow, a broken antler in a direwolf's throat. Dread coiled within you like a snake, but you forced you to smile at Ned.I knew that would please you, I said. We should send word to you's brother on the Wall. Yes, of course, you agreed. your brother on the Wall will want to be here. I shall tell Maester Luwin to send Maester Luwin's swiftest bird. you rose and pulled I to I's feet. Damnation, how many years has it been?And he gives us no more notice than this? How many in he's party, did the message say? I should think a hundred knights, at the least, with all a hundred knights's retainers, and half again as many freeriders. Cersei and the children travel with his party. he will keep an easy pace for Cersei and the children's sakes, I said. It is just as well. keep will give us more time to prepare.The queen's brothers are also in the party, she told him. him grimaced at are. There was small love between him and The queen's brothers, she knew. The Lannisters of Casterly Rock had come late to Robert's cause, when victory was all but certain, and Robert's had never forgiven The Lannisters of Casterly Rock. Well, if the price for Robert's's company is an infestation of Lannisters, so be the price for Robert's company. It sounds as though Robert's is bringing half Robert's's court. Where Robert's goes, the realm follows, she said.It will be good to see the children. The youngest was still sucking at the Lannister woman's teat the last time I saw The youngest. The youngest must be, what, five by now? Prince Tommen is seven, the Lannister woman's told The youngest. The same age as Bran. Please, I, guard I's tongue. the Lannister woman's is our queen, and the Lannister woman's's pride is said to grow with every passing year.Ned squeezed her hand. There must be a feast, of course, with singers, and Robert will want to hunt. Ned shall send Jory south with an honor guard to meet them on the kingsroad and escort them back. Gods, how are we going to feed them? On Jory's way already, Ned said? Damn Jory. Damn Jory's royal hide.