 I stood last vigil for him I, I said as they looked down at the body in the back of the cart. him had no one else. A mother in the Vale, I am told. In the pale dawn light, him looked as though him were sleeping. him had not been handsome, but death had smoothed him's rough-hewn features and the silent sisters had dressed him in him's best velvet tunic, with a high collar to cover the ruin the lance had made of him's throat. Eddard Stark looked at him's face, and wondered if it had been for him's sake that him had died. Slain by a Lannister bannerman before Eddard Stark could speak to him; could Slain be mere happenstance? Eddard Stark supposed Eddard Stark would never know. him was Jon Arryn's squire for four years, I went on. Jon Arryn's knighted him before him rode north, in Jon Arryn's's memory. him wanted knighted desperately, yet I fear him was not ready. Eddard Stark had slept badly last night and Eddard Stark felt tired beyond Eddard Stark's years. None of us is ever ready, Eddard Stark said. For knighthood? For death. Gently Eddard Stark covered him with Eddard Stark's cloak, a bloodstained bit of blue bordered in crescent moons. When A mother in the Vale asked why A mother in the Vale's was dead, Eddard Stark reflected bitterly, the silent sisters would tell A mother in the Vale him had fought to honor Jon Arryn's's Hand, Eddard Stark. This was needless. War should not be a game. Eddard Stark turned to the woman beside the cart, shrouded in grey, face hidden but for the woman beside the cart, shrouded in grey, face hidden but for her eyes's eyes. the silent sisters prepared men for the grave, and it was ill fortune to look on the face of death. Send him's armor home to the Vale. A mother in the Vale will want to have his armor. his armor is worth a fair piece of silver, I said.The boy had it forged special for the tourney. Plain work, but good. I do not know if The boy had finished paying the smith. The boy paid yesterday, I, and The boy paid dearly, I replied. And to the silent sister I said, Send the silent sister the armor. I will deal with the smith. the silent sister bowed the silent sister's head. Afterward Ser Barristan walked with I to the king's pavilion. The camp was beginning to stir. Fat sausages sizzled and spit over firepits, spicing the air with the scents of garlic and pepper. Young squires hurried about on errands as Young squires's masters woke, yawning and stretching, to meet the day. A serving man with a goose under A serving man with a goose under his arm's arm bent A serving man with a goose under his arm's knee when A serving man with a goose under his arm caught sight of them. M'lords, A serving man with a goose under his arm muttered as a goose honked and pecked at A serving man with a goose under his arm's fingers. The shields displayed outside each tent heralded each tent's occupant: the silver eagle of Seagard, Bryce Caron's field of nightingales, a cluster of grapes for the Redwynes, brindled boar, red ox, burning tree, white ram, triple spiral, purple unicorn, dancing maiden, blackadder, twin towers, horned owl, and last the pure white blazons of the Kingsguard, shining like the dawn. the king's means to fight in the melee today, Ser Barristan said as them were passing Ser Meryn's shield, Ser Meryn's shield, its paint sullied by a deep gash where Loras Tyrell's lance had scarred the wood as he drove him from his saddle's paint sullied by a deep gash where Loras Tyrell's lance had scarred the wood as Loras Tyrell's drove Loras Tyrell's from Loras Tyrell's's saddle. Yes, I said grimly. Jory had woken Loras Tyrell's last night to bring Loras Tyrell's means. Small wonder Loras Tyrell's had slept so badly. Ser Barristan's look was troubled. They say night's beauties fade at dawn, and the children of wine are oft disowned in the morning light. They say so, I agreed, but not of Robert. Other men might reconsider words spoken in drunken bravado, but Robert would remember and, remembering, would never back down. the king's pavilion was close by the water, and the morning mists off the water had wreathed the king's pavilion in wisps of grey. the king's pavilion was all of golden silk, the largest and grandest structure in the camp.Outside the entrance, Robert's warhammer was displayed beside an immense iron shield blazoned with the crowned stag of House Baratheon. Ned had hoped to discover Robert's still abed in a wine-soaked sleep, but luck was not with Ned. They found Robert's drinking beer from a polished horn and roaring Robert's's displeasure at two young squires who were trying to buckle Robert's into Robert's's armor. Robert's, one was saying, almost in tears, his armor's made too small, his armor won't go. one fumbled, and the gorget one was trying to fit around Robert's's thick neck tumbled to the ground. Seven hells! Robert's swore. Do Robert's have to do it Robert's? Piss on two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor. Pick the gorget he was trying to fit around Robert's thick neck up. Don't just stand there gaping, Lancel, pick the gorget he was trying to fit around Robert's thick neck up! Lancel jumped, and Robert's noticed Robert's's company. Look at two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor, Ned. Robert's's wife insisted Robert's take two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor to squire for Robert's, and two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor're worse than useless. Can't even put a man's armor on a man's properly. Squires, they say. Robert's say two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor're swineherds dressed up in silk. Ned only needed a glance to understand the difficulty. two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor are not at fault, Ned told Robert's. Robert's're too fat for his armor, Robert's. Robert's took a long swallow of beer, tossed a polished horn onto Robert's's sleeping furs, wiped Robert's's mouth with the back of Robert's's hand, and said darkly, Fat? Fat, is it? Is that how Ned speak to Ned's ? Robert's let go Robert's's laughter, sudden as a storm.Ah, damn you, you, why are you always right? The squires smiled nervously until the king turned on The squires. You. Yes, The squires. The squires heard the Hand. the king is too fat for the king's armor. Go find Ser Aron Santagar. Tell Ser Aron Santagar the king need the breastplate stretcher. Now! What are The squires waiting for? The squires tripped over each other in The squires's haste to be quit of the tent. Robert managed to keep a stern face until The squires were gone. Then Robert dropped back into a chair, shaking with laughter. Ser Barristan Selmy chuckled with Robert. Even Eddard Stark managed a smile. Always, though, the graver thoughts crept in. Robert could not help taking note of The squires: handsome boys, fair and well made. One was Sansa's age, with long golden curls; the other perhaps fifteen, sandy-haired, with a wisp of a mustache and the emerald-green eyes of the queen. Ah, Robert wish Robert could be there to see Ser Aron Santagar's face, Robert said. Robert hope Ser Aron Santagar'll have the wit to send The squires to someone else. We ought to keep The squires running all day! The squires, you asked Robert. Lannisters? Robert nodded, wiping tears from Robert's eyes.Cousins. Sons of Lord Tywin's brother. One of the dead ones. Or perhaps the live one, now that I come to think on it. I don't recall. I's wife comes from a very large family, Ned. A very ambitious family, Ned thought. Ned had nothing against the squires, but it troubled Ned to see I surrounded by My wife's kin, waking and sleeping. The Lannister appetite for offices and honors seemed to know no bounds. The talk is I and My wife had angry words last night. The mirth curdled on I's face. My wife tried to forbid I to fight in the melee. My wife's sulking in the castle now, damn My wife. My wife would never have shamed I like that. I never knew My wife as Ned did, I, Ned told I. I saw My wife's beauty, but not the iron underneath. My wife would have told I that I have no business in the melee. You too? I frowned. Ned are a sour man, Ned. Too long in the north, all the juices have frozen inside Ned. Well, mine are still running. I slapped I's chest to prove are. I are the king, Ned reminded I.I sit on the damn iron seat when I must. Does that mean I don't have the same hungers as other men? A bit of wine now and again, a girl squealing in bed, the feel of a horse between I's legs? Seven hells, Ned, I want to hit someone. Ser Barristan Selmy spoke up. Ned, Ser Barristan Selmy said, it is not seemly that I should ride into the melee. the melee would not be a fair contest. Who would dare strike Ned? Ned seemed honestly taken aback. Why, all of them, damn it. If all of them can. And the last man left standing…  …will be Ned, Ned finished. Ned saw at once that Ser Barristan Selmy had hit the mark. The dangers of the melee were only a savor to Ned, but this touched on Ned's pride. Ser Barristan Selmy is right. There's not a man in the Seven Kingdoms who would dare risk I's displeasure by hurting I. I rose to I's feet, I's face flushed. Are Ned telling I those prancing cravens will let I win? For a certainty, Ned said, and Ser Barristan Selmy bowed Ser Barristan Selmy's head in silent accord. For a moment Ned was so angry Ned could not speak. Ned strode across the tent, whirled, strode back, Ned's face dark and angry. Ned snatched up Ned's breastplate from the ground and threw his breastplate at Ser Barristan Selmy in a wordless fury. Ser Barristan Selmy dodged. Get out, Ned said then, coldly.Get out before I kill you. Ser Barristan left quickly. Ned was about to follow when I called out again. Not Ned, Ned. Ned turned back. I took up I's horn again, filled his horn with beer from a barrel in the corner, and thrust his horn at Ned. Drink, I said brusquely. I've no thirst—  Drink. I commands Drink. Ned took his horn and drank. beer was black and thick, so strong beer stung the eyes. I sat down again. Damn Ned, Ned. Ned and Jon Arryn, I loved You and Jon Arryn. What have You and Jon Arryn done to I? Ned were the one should have been king, Ned or Jon Arryn. Ned had the better claim, Ned. I told Ned to drink, not to argue. Ned made I king, Ned could at least have the courtesy to listen when I talk, damn Ned. Look at I, Ned. Look at what kinging has done to I. Gods, too fat for I's armor, how did it ever come to this? I…  Drink and stay quiet, I is talking. I swear to Ned, I was never so alive as when I was winning this throne, or so dead as now that I've won this throne.And Cersei… I have Jon Arryn to thank for Cersei. I had no wish to marry after Lyanna was taken from I, but Jon Arryn said the realm needed an heir. Cersei would be a good match, Jon Arryn told I, Cersei would bind Lord Tywin to I should Viserys Targaryen ever try to win back Viserys Targaryen's father's throne. The king shook The king's head. The king loved Jon Arryn, The king swear it, but now The king think Jon Arryn was a bigger fool than Moon Boy. Oh, Cersei is lovely to look at, truly, but cold… the way Cersei guards Cersei's cunt, you'd think Cersei had all the gold of Casterly Rock between Cersei's legs. Here, give The king that beer if The king won't drink that beer. The king took that beer, upended that beer, belched, wiped The king's mouth. The king am sorry for Moon Boy, I. Truly. About Moon Boy, The king mean. The king's son was lying, The king'd stake The king's soul on lying. My son… I love I's children, don't I? With all I's heart, I said. Let The king tell I a secret, I. More than once, The king have dreamed of giving up his father's throne. Take ship for the Free Cities with The king's horse and The king's hammer, spend The king's time warring and whoring, spend's what The king was made for. The sellsword king, how the singers would love The king. I know what stops The king? The thought of Joffrey on the throne, with Cersei standing behind Joffrey whispering in Joffrey's ear. Joffrey How could The king have made a son like Joffrey, I? Joffrey's only a boy, I said awkwardly. I had small liking for Joffrey, but I could hear the pain in The king's voice.Have you forgotten how wild you were at his age? It would not trouble me if his was wild, you. you don't know his as me do. you sighed and shook you's head. Ah, perhaps me are right. his despaired of you often enough, yet you grew into a good king. me looked at you and scowled at you's silence. you might speak up and agree now, you know. me… you began, carefully. me slapped you on the back. Ah, say that me'm a better king than Aerys and be done with it. you never could lie for love nor honor, you. me'm still young, and now that you're here with me, things will be different. We'll make this a reign to sing of, and damn the Lannisters to seven hells. me smell bacon. Who do you think We's champion will be today? Have you seen Mace Tyrell's boy? Mace Tyrell's boy, they call Mace Tyrell's boy. Now there's Mace Tyrell's boy. Last tourney, Mace Tyrell's boy dumped the Kingslayer on the Kingslayer's golden rump, you ought to have seen the look on the Kingslayer's face. me laughed till me's sides hurt. Renly says Renly has this sister, a maid of fourteen, lovely as a dawn…  They broke They's fast on black bread and boiled goose eggs and fish fried up with onions and bacon, at a trestle table by the river's edge. me's melancholy melted away with the morning mist, and before long me was eating an orange and waxing fond about a morning at the Eyrie when they had been boys. …had given his a barrel of oranges, remember?Only the things had gone rotten, so I flung mine across the table and hit Dacks right in the nose. You remember, Redfort's pock-faced squire? Redfort's pock-faced squire tossed one back at I, and before Jon could so much as fart, there were oranges flying across the High Hall in every direction. Jon laughed uproariously, and I smiled, remembering. Jon was the boy I had grown up with, I thought; Jon was the Robert Baratheon I'd known and loved. If I could prove that the Lannisters were behind the attack on Bran, prove that the Lannisters had murdered Jon Arryn, Jon would listen. Then Cersei would fall, and the Kingslayer with Cersei, and if Lord Tywin dared to rouse the west, Jon would smash Lord Tywin as Jon had smashed Rhaegar Targaryen on the Trident. I could see it all so clearly. That breakfast tasted better than anything Eddard Stark had eaten in a long time, and afterward I's smiles came easier and more often, until it was time for the tournament to resume. I walked with the king to the jousting field. I had promised to watch the final tilts with Sansa; Septa Mordane was ill today, and Sansa was determined not to miss the end of the tournament. As I saw Jon to Jon's place, I noted that Cersei had chosen not to appear; the place beside the king was empty. That too gave I cause to hope. I shouldered I's way to where Sansa was seated and found Sansa as the horns blew for today's . Sansa was so engrossed Sansa scarcely seemed to notice I's arrival. Sandor Clegane was the first rider to appear. Sandor Clegane wore an olive-green cloak over Sandor Clegane's soot-grey armor. an olive-green cloak, and Sandor Clegane's hound's-head helm, were Sandor Clegane's only concession to ornament. A hundred golden dragons on the Kingslayer, Littlefinger announced loudly as Jaime Lannister entered the lists, riding an elegant blood bay destrier. an elegant blood bay destrier wore a blanket of gilded ringmail, and Jaime Lannister glittered from head to heel. Even Jaime Lannister's lance was fashioned from the golden wood of the Summer Isles. Done, Lord Renly shouted back. The Hound has a hungry look about Jaime Lannister this morning. Even hungry dogs know better than to bite the hand that feeds Even hungry dogs, Littlefinger called dryly.Sandor Clegane dropped Sandor Clegane's visor with an audible clang and took up Sandor Clegane's position. Ser Jaime tossed a kiss to some woman in the commons, gently lowered his visor, and rode to the end of the lists. Both men couched Both men's lances. Ned Stark would have loved nothing so well as to see Both men lose, but Sansa was watching it all moist-eyed and eager. The hastily erected gallery trembled as the horses broke into a gallop. The Hound leaned forward as The Hound rode, The Hound's lance rock steady, but Ser Jaime shifted Ser Jaime's seat deftly in the instant before impact. Sandor Clegane's point was turned harmlessly against the golden shield with the lion blazon, while Ser Jaime's own hit square. Wood shattered, and The Hound reeled, fighting to keep The Hound's seat. Sansa gasped. A ragged cheer went up from the commons. I wonder how I ought spend I's money, I called down to I. The Hound just managed to stay in The Hound's saddle. The Hound jerked his saddle around hard and rode back to the lists for the second pass. Ser Jaime tossed down Ser Jaime's broken lance and snatched up a fresh one, jesting with Ser Jaime's squire. The Hound spurred forward at a hard gallop. Ser Jaime rode to meet The Hound. This time, when Ser Jaime shifted Ser Jaime's seat, Sandor Clegane shifted with Ser Jaime. their lances exploded, and by the time the splinters had settled, a riderless blood bay was trotting off in search of grass while Ser Jaime rolled in the dirt, golden and dented. Sansa said, Sansa knew The Hound would win. I overheard. If Ned Stark know who's going to win the second pass, speak up now before I plucks I clean, I called to Ned Stark. Ned Stark smiled. A pity the Imp is not here with us, I said. I should have won twice as much.Jaime Lannister was back on Jaime Lannister's feet, but Jaime Lannister's ornate lion helmet had been twisted around and dented in Jaime Lannister's fall, and now Jaime Lannister could not get his ornate lion helmet off. The commons were hooting and pointing, the lords and ladies were trying to stifle the lords and ladies's chuckles, and failing, and over it all Ned could hear King Robert laughing, louder than anyone. Finally they had to lead Jaime Lannister off to a blacksmith, blind and stumbling. By then Ser Gregor Clegane was in position at the head of the lists. Ser Gregor Clegane was huge, the biggest man that Ned had ever seen. King Robert and King Robert's brothers were all big men, as was the Hound, and back at Winterfell there was a simpleminded stableboy named Hodor who dwarfed them all, but Ser Gregor Clegane them all would have towered over a simpleminded stableboy named Hodor who dwarfed them all. Ser Gregor Clegane was well over seven feet tall, closer to eight, with massive shoulders and arms thick as the trunks of small trees. Ser Gregor Clegane's destrier seemed a pony in between Ser Gregor Clegane's armored legs, and the lance Ser Gregor Clegane carried looked as small as a broom handle. Unlike King Robert, Ser Gregor Clegane did not live at court. Ser Gregor Clegane was a solitary man who seldom left Ser Gregor Clegane's own lands, but for wars and tourneys. Ser Gregor Clegane had been with Lord Tywin when King's Landing fell, Ser Gregor CleganeSer Gregor Clegane's Ser Gregor Clegane's . Some said it had been Ser Gregor Clegane who'd dashed the skull of the infant prince Aegon Targaryen against a wall, and whispered that afterward Ser Gregor Clegane had raped the mother, the Dornish princess Elia, before putting the mother, the Dornish princess Elia to the sword. These things were not said in Ser Gregor Clegane's hearing. Ned could not recall ever speaking to Ser Gregor Clegane, though Ser Gregor Clegane had ridden with them during Balon Greyjoy's rebellion, one knight among thousands. Ned watched Ser Gregor Clegane with disquiet. Ned seldom put much stock in gossip, but the things said of Ser Gregor Clegane were more than ominous. Ser Gregor Clegane was soon to be married for the third time, and one heard dark whisperings about the deaths of Ser Gregor Clegane's first two wives. It was said that Ser Gregor Clegane's keep was a grim place where servants disappeared unaccountably and even the dogs were afraid to enter the hall. And there had been a sister who had died young under queer circumstances, and the fire that had disfigured Ser Gregor Clegane's brother, and the hunting accident that had killed their father. Ser Gregor Clegane had inherited his keep, the gold, and the family estates. Ser Gregor Clegane's younger brother Sandor had left the same day to take service with the Lannisters as a sworn sword, and it was said that His younger brother Sandor had never returned, not even to visit. When Ser Gregor Clegane made Ser Gregor Clegane's entrance, a murmur ran through the crowd, and Ser Gregor Clegane heard Sansa's fervent whisper, Oh, Ser Gregor Clegane's so beautiful. Ser Gregor Clegane was slender as a reed, dressed in a suit of fabulous silver armor polished to a blinding sheen and filigreed with twining black vines and tiny blue forget-me-nots. The commons realized in the same instant as Ned that the blue of the flowers came from sapphires; a gasp went up from a thousand throats.Across the boy's shoulders the boy's's cloak hung heavy. his cloak was woven of forget-me-nots, real ones, hundreds of fresh blooms sewn to a heavy woolen cape. the boy's's courser was as slim as His courser's rider, a beautiful grey mare, built for speed. Ser Gregor's huge stallion trumpeted as Ser Gregor's huge stallion caught His courser's scent. the boy's did something with the boy's's legs, and Ser Gregor's huge stallion pranced sideways, nimble as a dancer. Sansa clutched at the boy's's arm. Father, don't let Ser Gregor's hurt Ser Gregor's, Sansa said. Ned saw Sansa was wearing the rose that Ser Loras had given Sansa yesterday. Jory had told Ned about the rose that Ser Loras had given her yesterday as well. These are tourney lances, Jory told Jory's . They make These to splinter on impact, so no one is hurt. Yet Jory remembered the dead boy in the cart with the dead boy in the cart with his cloak of crescent moons's cloak of crescent moons, and the words were raw in Jory's throat. Ser Gregor's was having trouble controlling Ser Gregor's's . Ser Gregor's huge stallion was screaming and pawing the ground, shaking Ser Gregor's huge stallion's head. Ser Gregor's huge stallion kicked at Ser Gregor's huge stallion savagely with an armored boot. Ser Gregor's huge stallion reared and almost threw Ser Gregor's huge stallion. The Knight of Flowers saluted the king, rode to the far end of the list, and couched The Knight of Flowers's lance, ready. Ser Gregor's brought Ser Gregor's's to the line, fighting with the reins. And suddenly it began. Ser Gregor's huge stallion broke in a hard gallop, plunging forward wildly, while Ser Gregor's huge stallion charged as smooth as a flow of silk. Ser Gregor's wrenched Ser Gregor's's shield into position, juggled with his lance, and all the while fought to hold Ser Gregor's's on a straight line, and suddenly Ser Loras was on Ser Gregor's, placing the point of Ser Loras's just there, and in an eye blink Ser Gregor's huge stallion was failing. Ser Gregor's huge stallion was so huge that Ser Gregor's huge stallion took Ser Gregor's huge stallion down with Ser Gregor's huge stallion in a tangle of steel and flesh. Ned heard applause, cheers, whistles, shocked gasps, excited muttering, and over applause, cheers, whistles, shocked gasps, excited muttering all the rasping, raucous laughter of the Hound. The Knight of Flowers reined up at the end of the list.His lance was not even broken. His's sapphires winked in the sun as His raised His's visor, smiling. The commons went mad for His. In the middle of the field, His disentangled His and came boiling to His's feet. His wrenched off His's helm and slammed his helm down onto the ground. His's face was dark with fury and His's hair fell down into His's eyes. His's sword, His shouted to His's squire, and his squire ran My sword out to His. By then His's stallion was back on his stallion's feet as well. His killed his stallion with a single blow of such ferocity that a single blow of such ferocity that it half severed the animal's neck half severed his stallion's neck. Cheers turned to shrieks in a heartbeat. his stallion went to his stallion's knees, screaming as his stallion died. By then His was striding down the lists toward Ser Loras Tyrell, His's bloody sword clutched in His's fist. Stop His! Ned shouted, but Ned's words were lost in the roar. Everyone else was yelling as well, and Sansa was crying. It all happened so fast. The Knight of Flowers was shouting for The Knight of Flowers's own sword as His knocked his squire aside and made a grab for the reins of his stallion. his stallion scented blood and reared. Ser Loras Tyrell kept Ser Loras Tyrell's seat, but barely. His swung his own sword, a savage two-handed blow that took Ser Loras Tyrell in the chest and knocked Ser Loras Tyrell from the saddle. The courser dashed away in panic as Ser Loras Tyrell lay stunned in the dirt. But as His lifted his bloody sword for the killing blow, a rasping voice warned, Leave Ser Loras Tyrell be, and a steel-clad hand wrenched His away from Ser Loras Tyrell. His pivoted in wordless fury, swinging His's longsword in a killing arc with all His's massive strength behind his longsword, but the Hound caught his longsword and turned his longsword, and for what seemed an eternity the two brothers stood hammering at each other as Ser Loras Tyrell was helped to safety. Thrice Ned saw His aim savage blows at the hound's-head helmet, yet not once did His send a cut at His's unprotected face.It was the king's voice that put an end to it… the king's voice and twenty swords. Jon Arryn had told them that a commander needs a good battlefield voice, and Robert had proved the truth of needs on the Trident. Robert used a good battlefield voice now. STOP THIS MADNESS, Robert boomed, IN THE NAME OF them's ! The Hound went to one knee. Ser Gregor's blow cut air, and at last The Hound came to The Hound's senses. The Hound dropped The Hound's sword and glared at Robert, surrounded by Robert's Kingsguard and a dozen other knights and guardsmen. Wordlessly, The Hound turned and strode off, shoving past Barristan Selmy. Let The Hound go, Robert said, and as quickly as that, it was over. Is The Hound the champion now? Sansa asked Ned. No, Ned told Ned. There will be one final joust, between The Hound and the Knight of Flowers. But Sansa had the right of it after all. A few moments later Ser Loras Tyrell walked back onto the field in a simple linen doublet and said to Sandor Clegane, Ser Loras Tyrell owe Sandor Clegane Ser Loras Tyrell's life. The day is Sandor Clegane, Sandor Clegane. The Hound am no ser, The Hound replied, but The Hound took the victory, and the Knight of Flowers's purse, and, for perhaps the first time in The Hound's life, the love of the commons. They cheered The Hound as The Hound left the lists to return to The Hound's pavilion. As Ned walked with Sansa to the archery field, Littlefinger and Lord Renly and some of the others fell in with them. Ser Loras Tyrell had to know the mare was in heat, Littlefinger was saying. Littlefinger swear Ser Loras Tyrell planned the whole thing. Ser Gregor's has always favored huge, ill-tempered stallions with more spirit than sense. favored seemed to amuse Ser Gregor's. favored did not amuse Barristan Selmy.There is small honor in tricks, the old man said stiffly. Small honor and twenty thousand golds. Lord Renly smiled. That afternoon a boy named Anguy, an unheralded commoner from the Dornish Marches, won the archery competition, outshooting Ser Balon Swann and Jalabhar Xho at a hundred paces after all the other bowmen had been eliminated at the shorter distances. Ned sent Alyn to seek a boy named Anguy, an unheralded commoner from the Dornish Marches, out and offer a boy named Anguy, an unheralded commoner from the Dornish Marches, a position with the Hand's guard, but a boy named Anguy, an unheralded commoner from the Dornish Marches, was flush with wine and victory and riches undreamed of, and a boy named Anguy, an unheralded commoner from the Dornish Marches, refused. The melee went on for three hours. Near forty men took part, freeriders and hedge knights and new-made squires in search of a reputation. Near forty men fought with blunted weapons in a chaos of mud and blood, small troops fighting together and then turning on each other as alliances formed and fractured, until only one man was left standing. only one man was the red priest, Thoros of Myr, a madman who shaved the red priest, Thoros of Myr, a madman who shaved his head and fought with a flaming sword's head and fought with a flaming sword. the red priest, Thoros of Myr, a madman who shaved his head and fought with a flaming sword had won melees before; a flaming sword frightened the mounts of the other riders, and nothing frightened the red priest, Thoros of Myr, a madman who shaved his head and fought with a flaming sword. The final tally was three broken limbs, a shattered collarbone, a dozen smashed fingers, two horses that had to be put down, and more cuts, sprains, and bruises than anyone cared to count. Ned was desperately pleased that Robert had not taken part. That night at the feast, Eddard Stark was more hopeful than Eddard Stark had been in a great while. Robert was in high good humor, the Lannisters were nowhere to be seen, and even Eddard Stark's daughters were behaving. Jory brought Arya down to join them, and Sansa spoke to Arya pleasantly. The melee was magnificent, Sansa sighed. Arya should have come. How was Arya's dancing? Arya'm sore all over, Arya reported happily, proudly displaying a huge purple bruise on Arya's leg. Arya must be a terrible dancer, Sansa said doubtfully. Later, while Sansa was off listening to a troupe of singers perform the complex round of interwoven ballads called the Dance of the Dragons, Ned inspected a huge purple bruise on her leg Ned. Ned hope Forel is not being too hard on Arya, Ned said. Arya stood on one leg. Arya was getting much better at that of late.Syrio says that every hurt is a lesson, and every lesson makes you better. Ned frowned. Syrio had come with an excellent reputation, and Syrio's flamboyant Braavosi style was well suited to Arya's slender blade, yet still… a few days ago, Arya's had been wandering around with a swatch of black silk tied over Arya's's eyes. Syrio was teaching Arya's to see with Arya's's ears and Arya's's nose and Arya's's skin, Arya's told Ned. Before teaching, Syrio had Arya's doing spins and back flips. Arya's, are Arya's certain Arya's want to persist in this? Arya's nodded. Tomorrow we're going to catch cats. cats Ned sighed. Perhaps it was a mistake to hire Syrio. If Arya's like, Ned will ask Jory to take over Arya's's lessons. Or Ned might have a quiet word with Ser Barristan. Ser Barristan was the finest sword in the Seven Kingdoms in Ser Barristan's youth. Arya's don't want them, Arya's said. Arya's want Syrio. Ned ran Ned's fingers through Ned's hair. Any decent master-at-arms could give Arya's the rudiments of slash-and-parry without this nonsense of blindfolds, cartwheels, and hopping about on one leg, but Ned knew Ned's well enough to know there was no arguing with that stubborn jut of jaw. As Arya's wish, Ned said. Surely Arya's would grow tired of this soon. Try to be careful. Arya's will, Arya's promised solemnly as Arya's hopped smoothly from Arya's's right leg to Arya's's left. Much later, after Ned had taken the girls back through the city and seen the girls safe in bed, Sansa with Sansa's dreams and Arya's with Arya's's bruises, Ned ascended to Ned's own chambers atop the Tower of the Hand. The day had been warm and the room was close and stuffy.Ned went to the window and unfastened the heavy shutters to let in the cool night air. Across the Great Yard, Ned noticed the flickering glow of candlelight from Littlefinger's windows. The hour was well past midnight. Down by the river, the revels were only now beginning to dwindle and die. Ned took out the dagger and studied the dagger. Littlefinger's's Bran's Why? Why would Tyrion Lannister want Bran dead? Why would anyone want Bran dead? the dagger, Bran's fall, all of it was linked somehow to the murder of Bran, Ned could feel linked in Ned's gut, but the truth of the murder of Jon Arryn remained as clouded to Ned as when Ned had started. Lord Stannis had not returned to King's Landing for tourney. Lysa Arryn held Lysa Arryn's silence behind the high walls of the Eyrie. The squire was dead, and Jory was still searching the whorehouses. What did Jory have but Robert's bastard? That Robert's bastard was King's's son, Ned had no doubt. The Baratheon look was stamped on Robert's bastard's face, in Robert's bastard's jaw, Robert's bastard's eyes, that black hair. Robert's was too young to have fathered a boy of that age, Lord Stannis too cold and proud in Lord Stannis's honor. Robert's bastard had to be Robert's's. Yet knowing all that, what had Ned learned? King's had other baseborn children scattered throughout the Seven Kingdoms. King's had openly acknowledged one of King's's bastards, a boy of Bran's age whose mother was highborn. one of his bastards, a boy of Bran's age whose mother was highborn was being fostered by Robert's's castellan at Storm's End. Ned remembered Robert's's first child as well, a daughter born in the Vale when Robert's was scarcely more than a boy Robert's. A sweet little girl; Robert's Storm's End had doted on Robert's first child.He used to make daily visits to play with the babe, long after He had lost interest in the mother. Ned was often dragged along for company, whether Ned willed dragged or not. the babe would be seventeen or eighteen now, Ned realized; older than Robert had been when Robert fathered the babe. A strange thought. the mother could not have been pleased by the mother's by-blows, yet in the end it mattered little whether Robert had one bastard or a hundred. Law and custom gave the baseborn few rights. Gendry, the babe, the boy at Storm's End, none of them could threaten Robert's trueborn children…  Ned's musings were ended by a soft rap on Ned's door. A man to see Ned, Ned, Harwin called. A man to see you will not give A man to see you's name. Send A man to see you in, Ned said, wondering. A man to see you was a stout man in cracked, mud-caked boots and a heavy brown robe of the coarsest roughspun, A man to see you's features hidden by a cowl, A man to see you's hands drawn up into voluminous sleeves. Who are A man to see you? Ned asked. A friend, A man to see you said in a strange, low voice. We must speak alone, Ned. Curiosity was stronger than caution. Harwin, leave We, Ned commanded. Not until We were alone behind closed doors did A man to see you draw back a cowl. Lord Varys? Ned said in astonishment. Ned, Lord Varys? said politely, seating Lord Varys?. Lord Varys? wonder if Lord Varys? might trouble Ned for a drink? Ned filled two cups with summerwine and handed one to Lord Varys?.I might have passed within a foot of you and never recognized you, I said, incredulous. I had never seen you dress in anything but silk and velvet and the richest damasks, and you smelled of sweat instead of lilacs. That was you's dearest hope, you said. It would not do if certain people learned that we had spoken in private. The queen watches I closely. This wine is very choice. Thank you. How did you get past I's other guards? I asked. Porther and Cayn had been posted outside the tower, and Alyn on the stairs. The Red Keep has ways known only to ghosts and spiders. you smiled apologetically. you will not keep I long, I. There are things I must know. I are the King's Hand, and the King's is a fool. you's cloying tones were gone; now you's voice was thin and sharp as a whip. I's friend, you know, yet a fool nonetheless… and doomed, unless I save Your friend. Today was a near thing. They had hoped to kill Your friend during the melee. For a moment I was speechless with shock. Who? you sipped This wine. If you truly need to tell I that, I are a bigger fool than Robert and you am on the wrong side.The Lannisters, Ned said. The queen… no, I will not believe that, not even of The queen. The queen asked him not to fight! The queen forbade him to fight, in front of him's brother, him's knights, and half the court. Tell I truly, do I know any surer way to force King Robert into the melee? I ask I. Ned had a sick feeling in Ned's gut. The eunuch had hit upon a truth; tell King Robert King Robert could not, should not, or must not do a thing, and tell was as good as done. Even if King Robert'd fought, who would have dared to strike King Robert? I shrugged. There were forty riders in the melee. The Lannisters have many friends. Amidst all that chaos, with horses screaming and bones breaking and Thoros of Myr waving that absurd firesword of Thoros of Myr's, who could name it murder if some chance blow felled Thoros of Myr's Grace? I went to the flagon and refilled I's cup. After the deed was done, the slayer would be beside the slayer with grief. I can almost hear the slayer weeping. So sad. Yet no doubt The queen would take pity, lift the slayer to the slayer's feet, and bless the slayer with a gentle kiss of forgiveness. Good King Joffrey would have no choice but to pardon the slayer. The eunuch stroked the slayer's cheek. Or perhaps The queen would let his brother strike off the slayer's head. Less risk for The Lannisters that way, though quite an unpleasant surprise for the slayer. Ned felt Ned's anger rise.You knew of this plot, and yet You did nothing. I command whisperers, not warriors. You might have come to I earlier. Oh, yes, You confess it. And You would have rushed straight to the king, yes? And when Robert heard of Robert's peril, what would Robert have done? I wonder. You considered that. Robert would have damned them all, and fought anyway, to show Robert did not fear them all. Varys spread Varys's hands. Varys will make another confession, You. Varys was curious to see what You would do. Why not come to Varys? You ask, and Varys must answer, Why, because Varys did not trust You, Varys's . Varys did not trust Varys? You was frankly astonished. The Red Keep shelters two sorts of people, You, Varys said. Those who are loyal to the realm, and those who are loyal only to those who are loyal only to themselves. Until this morning, Varys could not say which You might be… so Varys waited to see… and now Varys know, for a certainty. Varys smiled a plump tight little smile, and for a moment Varys's private face and public mask were one. I begin to comprehend why the queen fears You so much. Oh, yes You do. Varys are the one the queen ought to fear, You said.No. I am what I am. The king makes use of I, but makes shames The king. A most puissant warrior is our Robert, and A most puissant warrior has little love for sneaks and spies and eunuchs. If a day should come when Cersei whispers, ‘Kill I,' Ilyn Payne will snick Ilyn Payne's head off in a twinkling, and who will mourn poor Varys then? North or south, they sing no songs for spiders. poor Varys reached out and touched Ned with a soft hand. But Ned, Ned… I think… no, Ned know… The king would not kill Ned, not even for The king's queen, and there may lie our's salvation. It was all too much. For a moment Ned wanted nothing so much as to return to Winterfell, to the clean simplicity of the north, where the enemies were winter and the wildlings beyond the Wall. Surely The king has other loyal friends, Ned protested. The king's brothers, his—  —wife? poor Varys finished, with a smile that cut. His brothers hate the Lannisters, true enough, but hating his queen and loving The king are not quite the same thing, are His brothers? Ser Barristan loves Ser Barristan's honor, Grand Maester Pycelle loves Grand Maester Pycelle's office, and Littlefinger loves Littlefinger. The Kingsguard—  A paper shield, I said. Try not to look so shocked, Ned. Jaime Lannister is Jaime Lannister a Sworn Brother of the White Swords, and we all know what Jaime Lannister's oath is worth. The days when men like Ryam Redwyne and Prince Aemon the Dragonknight wore the white cloak are gone to dust and song. Of these seven, only Ser Barristan Selmy is made of the true steel, and only Ser Barristan Selmy is old. Ser Boros and Ser Meryn are his queen's creatures to the bone, and I have deep suspicions of the others. No, I's , when the White Swords come out in earnest, Ned will be the only true friend The king will have. The king must be told, Ned said.If what you say is true, if even a part of it is true, the king must hear it for the king. And what proof shall we lay before the king? you's words against theirs? you's little birds against the queen and the Kingslayer, against the Kingslayer's brothers and the Kingslayer's council, against the Wardens of East and West, against all the might of Casterly Rock? Pray, send for Ser Ilyn directly, send will save we all some time. you know where that road ends. Yet if what you say is true, theirs will only bide theirs's time and make another attempt. Indeed theirs will, said you, and sooner rather than later, you do fear. you are making theirs most anxious, you. But My little birds will be listening, and together we may be able to forestall theirs, we you rose and pulled up you's cowl so you's face was hidden once more. Thank you for the wine. we will speak again. When you see you next at council, be certain to treat you with you's accustomed contempt. you should not find treat difficult. you was at the door when Ned called, you. you turned back. How did Jon Arryn die? you wondered when you would get around to that. Tell you. The tears of Lys, they call The tears of Lys. A rare and costly thing, clear and sweet as water, and The tears of Lys leaves no trace. you begged Jon Arryn to use a taster, in this very room you begged Jon Arryn, but Jon Arryn would not hear of use.Only one who was less than a man would even think of such a thing, he told me. Ned had to know the rest. Who gave he the poison? Some dear sweet friend who often shared meat and mead with he, no doubt. Oh, but which one? There were many such. he was a kindly, trusting man. he sighed. There was one boy. All one boy was, one boy owed he, but when the widow fled to the Eyrie with the widow's household, one boy stayed in King's Landing and prospered. It always gladdens he's heart to see the young rise in the world. The whip was in he's voice again, every word a stroke. he must have cut a gallant figure in the tourney, him in he's bright new armor, with those crescent moons on he's cloak. A pity he died so untimely, before Ned could talk to he…  Ned felt half-poisoned Ned. The squire, Ned said. The squire Wheels within wheels within wheels. Ned's head was pounding. Why? Why now? he had been Hand for fourteen years. What was he doing that they had to kill he? Asking questions, he said, slipping out the door.