 As he stood in the predawn chill watching Chiggen butcher he's horse, he chalked up one more debt owed the Starks. Steam rose from inside his horse when Chiggen opened the belly with Chiggen's skinning knife. Chiggen's hands moved deftly, with never a wasted cut; the work had to be done quickly, before the stink of blood brought shadowcats down from the heights. None of us will go hungry tonight, Bronn said. Bronn was near a shadow Bronn; bone thin and bone hard, with black eyes and black hair and a stubble of beard. Some of us may, he told Bronn. he am not fond of eating horse. his horse. Meat is meat, Bronn said with a shrug. The Dothraki like horse more than beef or pork. Do Bronn take he for a Dothraki? he asked sourly. The Dothraki ate horse, in truth; The Dothraki also left deformed children out for the feral dogs who ran behind The Dothraki's khalasars. Dothraki customs had scant appeal for he. Chiggen sliced a thin strip of bloody meat off his horse and held a thin strip of bloody meat up for inspection. Want a taste, he?My brother Jaime gave My that mare for My's twenty-third name day, My said in a flat voice. Thank My brother Jaime for us, then. If My ever see My brother Jaime again. Chiggen grinned, showing yellow teeth, and swallowed the raw meat in two bites. Tastes well bred. Better if My fry the raw meat up with onions, Bronn put in. Wordlessly, My limped away. The cold had settled deep in My's bones, and My's legs were so sore My could scarcely walk. Perhaps that mare was the lucky one. My had hours more riding ahead of My, followed by a few mouthfuls of food and a short, cold sleep on hard ground, and then another night of the same, and another, and another, and the gods only knew how it would end. Damn her, My muttered as My struggled up the road to rejoin My's captors, remembering, damn her and all the Starks. The memory was still bitter. One moment My'd been ordering supper, and an eye blink later My was facing a room of armed men, with Jyck reaching for a sword and the fat innkeep shrieking, No swords, not here, please, m'lords. My wrenched down Jyck's arm hurriedly, before My got them both hacked to pieces. Where are Jyck's courtesies, Jyck? her said no swords.Do as she asks. He forced a smile that must have looked as queasy as a smile that must have looked as queasy as it felt felt. she're making a sad mistake, she. He had no part in any attack on she's son. On she's honor—  Lannister honor, was all she said. she held up she's hands for all the room to see. His dagger left these scars. His dagger His your son's He felt the anger all around He, thick and smoky, fed by the deep cuts in her hands. Kill He, hissed some drunken slattern from the back, and other voices took up the call, faster than He would have believed. Strangers all, friendly enough only a moment ago, and yet now Strangers all cried for He's blood like hounds on a trail. He spoke up loudly, trying to keep the quaver from He's voice. If she believes He have some crime to answer for, He will go with she and answer for some crime to answer for. go was the only possible course. Trying to cut their way out of this was a sure invitation to an early grave. A good dozen swords had responded to she's plea for help: the Harrenhal man, the three Brackens, a pair of unsavory sellswords who looked as though a pair of unsavory sellswords who looked as though they'd kill him as soon as spit'd kill He as soon as spit, and some fool field hands who doubtless had no idea what some fool field hands who doubtless had no idea what they were doing were doing.Against that, what did Tyrion have? A dagger at Tyrion's belt, and two men. Jyck swung a fair enough sword, but Morrec scarcely counted; Morrec was part groom, part cook, part body servant, and no soldier. As for Yoren, whatever Yoren's feelings might have been, the black brothers were sworn to take no part in the quarrels of the realm. Yoren would do nothing. And indeed, Yoren stepped aside silently when the old knight by Catelyn Stark's side said, Take the black brothers's weapons, and the sellsword Bronn stepped forward to pull a fair enough sword from Jyck's fingers and relieve the black brothers of the black brothers's daggers. Good, the old knight by Catelyn Stark's side said as the tension in the common room ebbed palpably, excellent. Tyrion recognized the gruff voice; Winterfell's master-at-arms, shorn of Winterfell's master-at-arms, shorn of his whiskers's whiskers. Scarlet-tinged spittle flew from the fat innkeep's mouth as the fat innkeep's begged of Catelyn Stark's, Don't kill him here! Don't kill him anywhere, Tyrion urged. Take him somewheres else, no blood here, Catelyn Stark's, the fat innkeep's wants no high lordlin's quarrels. We are taking him back to Winterfell's, Catelyn Stark's said, and Tyrion thought, Well, perhaps… By then Tyrion'd had a moment to glance over the common room and get a better idea of the situation. Tyrion was not altogether displeased by what Tyrion saw. Oh, Catelyn Stark's had been clever, no doubt of it. Force them to make a public affirmation of the oaths sworn Catelyn Stark's's father by the lords them served, and then call on them for succor, and Catelyn Stark's's a woman, yes, that was sweet. Yet Catelyn Stark's's success was not as complete as Catelyn Stark's might have liked.There were close to fifty in the common room by his rough count. Catelyn Stark's plea had roused a bare dozen; the others looked confused, or frightened, or sullen. Only two of the Freys had stirred, his noted, and Only two of the Freys'd sat back down quick enough when Only two of the Freys's captain failed to move. his might have smiled if his'd dared. Winterfell it is, then, his said instead. That was a long ride, as his could well attest, having just ridden That the other way. So many things could happen along the way. his's father will wonder what has become of his, his added, catching the eye of the swordsman who'd offered to yield up his's room. My father'll pay a handsome reward to any man who brings My father word of what happened here today. Lord Tywin would do no such thing, of course, but his would make up for it if his won free. Ser Rodrik glanced at Ser Rodrik's lady, Ser Rodrik's look worried, as well his look might be. Ser Rodrik's men come with Ser Rodrik, Ser Rodrik announced. And we'll thank the rest of you to stay quiet about what the rest of you've seen here. It was all his could do not to laugh. Quiet? The old fool.Unless he took the whole inn, the word would begin to spread the instant they were gone. The freerider with the gold coin in The freerider with the gold coin in his pocket's pocket would fly to Casterly Rock like an arrow. If not The freerider with the gold coin in his pocket, then someone else. Yoren would carry the story south. That fool singer might make a lay of the story. The Freys would report back to The Freys's lord, and the gods only knew what their lord might do. their lord might be sworn to Riverrun, but their lord was a cautious man who had lived a long time by making certain their lord was always on the winning side. At the very least their lord would send their lord's birds winging south to King's Landing, and their lord might well dare more than send. Catelyn Stark wasted no time. We must ride at once. We'll want fresh mounts, and provisions for the road. You men, know that You men have the eternal gratitude of House Stark. If any of You men choose to help We guard We's captives and get our captives safe to Winterfell, Catelyn Stark promise You men shall be well rewarded. That was all it took; You men came rushing forward. Tyrion studied You men's faces; You men would indeed be well rewarded, Tyrion vowed to Tyrion, but perhaps not quite as You men imagined. Yet even as You men were bundling Tyrion outside, saddling the horses in the rain, and tying Tyrion's hands with a length of coarse rope, Tyrion was not truly afraid.They would never get him to Winterfell, him would have given odds on get. Riders would be after them within the day, birds would take wing, and surely one of the river lords would want to curry favor with one of the river lords's father enough to take a hand. him was congratulating him on him's subtlety when someone pulled a hood down over him's eyes and lifted him up onto a saddle. them set out through the rain at a hard gallop, and before long him's thighs were cramped and aching and him's butt throbbed with pain. Even when them were safely away from the inn, and Catelyn Stark slowed them to a trot, it was a miserable pounding journey over rough ground, made worse by him's blindness. Every twist and turn put him in danger of falling off a saddle. a hood muffled sound, so him could not make out what was being said around him, and the rain soaked through a hood and made a hood cling to him's face, until even breathing was a struggle. The rope chafed him's wrists raw and seemed to grow tighter as the night wore on. him was about to settle down to a warm fire and a roast fowl, and that wretched singer had to open that wretched singer's mouth, him thought mournfully. that wretched singer had come along with them. There is a great song to be made from this, and him'm the one to make a great song to be made from this, that wretched singer told Catelyn Stark when that wretched singer announced that wretched singer's intention of riding with them to see how the splendid adventure turned out. him wondered whether that wretched singer would think the splendid adventure quite so splendid once the Lannister riders caught up with them. the rain had finally stopped and dawn light was seeping through a hood his eyes when Catelyn Stark gave the command to dismount. Rough hands pulled him down from a saddle, untied his wrists, and yanked a hood off his eyes. When him saw the narrow stony road, the foothills rising high and wild all around them, and the jagged snowcapped peaks on the distant horizon, all the hope went out of him in a rush. the narrow stony road is the high road, him gasped, looking at Catelyn Stark with accusation.The eastern road. You said we were riding for Winterfell! Catelyn Stark favored him with the faintest of smiles. Often and loudly, Catelyn Stark agreed. No doubt him's friends will ride The eastern road when your friends come after we. Catelyn Stark wish your friends good speed. Even now, long days later, the memory filled him with a bitter rage. All him's life him had prided him on him's cunning, the only gift the gods had seen fit to give him, and yet Catelyn Stark had outwitted him at every turn. outwitted was more galling than the bare fact of him's abduction. we stopped only as long as it took to feed and water the horses, and then we were off again. This time him was spared the hood. After the second night we no longer bound him's hands, and once we had gained the heights we scarcely bothered to guard him at all. It seemed we did not fear him's escape. And why should we? Up here the land was harsh and wild, and The eastern road little more than a stony track. If him did run, how far could him hope to go, alone and without provisions?The shadowcats would make a morsel of him, and the clans that dwelt in the mountain fastnesses were brigands and murderers who bowed to no law but the sword. Yet still the Stark woman drove them forward relentlessly. him knew where them were bound. him had known it since the moment them pulled off him's hood. the mountain fastnesses were the domain of House Arryn, and the late Hand's widow was a Tully, the Stark woman's sister… and no friend to the Lannisters. him had known the late Hand's widow slightly during the late Hand's widow's years at King's Landing, and did not look forward to renewing the acquaintance. him's captors were clustered around a stream a short ways down the high road. The horses had drunk The horses's fill of the icy cold water, and were grazing on clumps of brown grass that grew from clefts in the rock. Jyck and Morrec huddled close, sullen and miserable. Mohor stood over Jyck and Morrec, leaning on Mohor's spear and wearing a rounded iron cap that made Mohor look as if Mohor had a bowl on Mohor's head. Nearby, Marillion the singer sat oiling Marillion the singer's woodharp, complaining of what the damp was doing to Marillion the singer's strings. We must have some rest, the Stark woman, the hedge knight Ser Willis Wode was saying to the Stark woman as him approached. the hedge knight Ser Willis Wode was Lady Whent's man, stiff-necked and stolid, and the first to rise to aid the Stark woman back at the inn. the hedge knight Ser Willis Wode speaks truly, the Stark woman, Ser Rodrik said. This is the third horse them have lost—  them will lose more than horses if them're overtaken by the Lannisters, the Stark woman reminded His captors. the Stark woman's face was windburnt and gaunt, but Her face had lost none of Her face's determination.Small chance of that here, Tyrion put in. The lady did not ask Tyrion's views, Tyrion, snapped Kurleket, a great fat oaf with short-cropped hair and a pig's face. Kurleket, a great fat oaf with short-cropped hair and a pig's face was one of the Brackens, a man-at-arms in the service of Lord Jonos. Tyrion had made a special effort to learn all the Brackens's names, so Tyrion might thank the Brackens later for the Brackens's tender treatment of Tyrion. A Lannister always paid A Lannister's debts. Kurleket, a great fat oaf with short-cropped hair and a pig's face would learn paid someday, as would Kurleket, a great fat oaf with short-cropped hair and a pig's face's friends Lharys and Mohor, and the good Ser Willis, and the sellswords Bronn and Chiggen. Kurleket, a great fat oaf with short-cropped hair and a pig's face planned an especially sharp lesson for Marillion, him of the woodharp and the sweet tenor voice, who was struggling so manfully to rhyme imp with gimp and limp so Tyrion could make a song of this outrage. Let Tyrion speak, The lady commanded. Tyrion seated Tyrion on a rock. By now our pursuit is likely racing across the Neck, chasing The lady's lie up the kingsroad… assuming there is a pursuit, which is by no means certain. Oh, no doubt the word has reached Tyrion's father… but my father does not love Tyrion overmuch, and Tyrion am not at all sure that my father will bother to bestir my father. It was only half a lie; my father cared not a fig for my father's , but my father tolerated no slights on the honor of my father's House. This is a cruel land, The lady. The lady'll find no succor until The lady reach the Vale, and each mount The lady lose burdens the others all the more. Worse, The lady risk losing Tyrion. Tyrion am small, and not strong, and if Tyrion die, then what's the point?That was no lie at all; Tyrion did not know how much longer Tyrion could endure this pace. It might be said that Tyrion's death is the point, Tyrion, Catelyn Stark replied. Tyrion think not, Tyrion said. If Catelyn Stark wanted Tyrion dead, Catelyn Stark had only to say the word, and one of these staunch friends of Catelyn Stark would gladly have given Tyrion a red smile. Tyrion looked at Kurleket, but Kurleket was too dim to taste the mockery. The Starks do not murder men in The Starks's beds. Nor do Kurleket, Kurleket said. Kurleket tell Tyrion again, Kurleket had no part in the attempt to kill Tyrion. The assassin was armed with Tyrion's dagger. Tyrion felt the heat rise in Tyrion. your dagger was not your dagger, Tyrion insisted. How many times must Tyrion swear to was? Catelyn Stark, whatever Catelyn Stark may believe of Tyrion, Tyrion am not a stupid man. Only a fool would arm a common footpad with Only a fool's own blade. Just for a moment, Tyrion thought Tyrion saw a flicker of doubt in Catelyn Stark's eyes, but what Catelyn Stark said was, Why would Petyr lie to Catelyn Stark? Why does a bear shit in the woods?he demanded. Because it is he's nature. Lying comes as easily as breathing to a man like he. You ought to know comes, You. You took a step toward he, You's face tight. And what does comes mean, he? he cocked he's head. Why, every man at court has heard he tell how he took You's maidenhead, You. tell is a lie! You said. Oh, wicked little imp, Marillion said, shocked. Kurleket drew Kurleket's dirk, a vicious piece of black iron. At You's word, m'lady, Kurleket'll toss he's lying tongue at You's feet. Kurleket's pig eyes were wet with excitement at the prospect. You stared at he with a coldness on You's face such as he had never seen. he loved You once.He was only a boy. He's passion was a tragedy for all of all of us, but His passion was real, and pure, and nothing to be made mock of. He wanted my hand. wanted is the truth of the matter. You are truly an evil man, You. And my are truly a fool, my. He has never loved anyone but He, and I promise my that it is not my hand that He boasts of, it's those ripe breasts of my, and that sweet mouth, and the heat between my's legs. Kurleket grabbed a handful of hair and yanked his head back in a hard jerk, baring his's throat. his felt the cold kiss of steel beneath his's chin. Shall Kurleket bleed his, Kurleket's ? Kill his and the truth dies with his, his gasped. Let his talk, my commanded. Kurleket let go of his head, reluctantly. his took a deep breath. How did He tell Kurleket his came by this dagger of He? Answer his that.You won it from him in a wager, during the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day. When my brother Jaime was unhorsed by the Knight of Flowers, that was my brother Jaime's story, no? that was, You admitted. A line creased You's brow. Riders! The shriek came from the wind-carved ridge above them. Ser Rodrik had sent Lharys scrambling up the rock face to watch the road while them took them's rest. For a long second, no one moved. Catelyn Stark was the first to react. Ser Rodrik, Ser Willis, to horse, Catelyn Stark shouted. Get the other mounts behind them. Mohor, guard the prisoners—  Arm them! Tyrion sprang to Tyrion's feet and seized Catelyn Stark by the arm. Catelyn Stark will need every sword. Catelyn Stark knew Tyrion was right, Tyrion could see it. The mountain clans cared nothing for the enmities of the great houses; The mountain clans would slaughter Stark and Lannister with equal fervor, as Stark and Lannister slaughtered each other.They might spare Catelyn herself; Catelyn herself was still young enough to bear sons. Still, Catelyn herself hesitated. I hear them! I called out. Tyrion turned Tyrion's head to listen, and there it was: hoofbeats, a dozen horses or more, coming nearer. Suddenly everyone was moving, reaching for weapons, running to everyone's mounts. Pebbles rained down around everyone as Lharys came springing and sliding down the ridge. He landed breathless in front of Catelyn herself, an ungainly-looking man with wild tufts of rust-colored hair sticking out from under a conical steel cap. Twenty men, maybe twenty-five, He said, breathless. Milk Snakes or Moon Brothers, by He's guess. Twenty men, maybe twenty-five must have eyes out, m'lady… hidden watchers… Twenty men, maybe twenty-five know we're here. I was already ahorse, a longsword in hand. Mohor crouched behind a boulder, both hands on Mohor's iron-tipped spear, a dagger between Mohor's teeth. You, You, Ser Willis Wode called out. Help Ser Willis Wode with this breastplate. Marillion sat frozen, clutching Marillion's woodharp, Marillion's face as pale as milk, but Tyrion's man Morrec bounded quickly to Tyrion's man Morrec's feet and moved to help Ser Willis Wode with this breastplate.Tyrion kept Tyrion's grip on Catelyn Stark. Catelyn Stark have no choice, Tyrion told Catelyn Stark. Three of us, and a fourth man wasted guarding us… four men can be the difference between life and death up here. Give Tyrion Catelyn Stark's word that Catelyn Stark will put down Catelyn Stark's swords again after the fight is done. Catelyn Stark's word? The hoofbeats were louder now. Tyrion grinned crookedly. Oh, that Catelyn Stark have, Catelyn Stark… on Tyrion's honor as a Lannister. For a moment Tyrion thought Catelyn Stark would spit at Tyrion, but instead Catelyn Stark snapped, Arm them, and as quick as that Catelyn Stark was pulling away. Ser Rodrik tossed Jyck Ser Rodrik's sword and scabbard, and wheeled to meet the foe. Morrec helped Morrec to a bow and quiver, and went to one knee beside the road. Morrec was a better archer than swordsman. And Bronn rode up to offer Tyrion a double-bladed axe. Bronn have never fought with an axe. a double-bladed axe felt awkward and unfamiliar in Bronn's hands. a double-bladed axe had a short haft, a heavy head, a nasty spike on top.Pretend you're splitting logs, Bronn said, drawing Bronn's longsword from the scabbard across Bronn's back. Bronn spat, and trotted off to form up beside Chiggen and Ser Rodrik. Ser Willis mounted up to join them, fumbling with Ser Willis's helmet, a metal pot with a thin slit for Ser Willis's eyes and a long black silk plume. Logs don't bleed, Tyrion said to no one in particular. Tyrion felt naked without armor. Tyrion looked around for a rock and ran over to where Marillion was hiding. Move over. Go away! Marillion screamed back at Tyrion. Marillion'm a singer, Marillion want no part of this fight! What, lost Marillion's taste for adventure? Tyrion kicked at Marillion until Marillion slid over, and not a moment too soon. A heartbeat later, the riders were on them. There were no heralds, no banners, no horns nor drums, only the twang of bowstrings as Morrec and Lharys let fly, and suddenly the riders came thundering out of the dawn, lean dark men in boiled leather and mismatched armor, faces hidden behind barred halfhelms. In gloved hands were clutched all manner of weapons: longswords and lances and sharpened scythes, spiked clubs and daggers and heavy iron mauls. At the riders's head rode a big man in a striped shadowskin cloak, armed with a two-handed greatsword.Ser Rodrik shouted Winterfell! and rode to meet him, with Bronn and Chiggen beside Ser Rodrik, screaming some wordless battle cry. Ser Willis Wode followed, swinging a spiked morningstar around Ser Willis Wode's head. Harrenhal! Harrenhal! Ser Willis Wode sang. Tyrion felt a sudden urge to leap up, brandish Tyrion's axe, and boom out, Casterly Rock! but the insanity passed quickly and Tyrion crouched down lower. Tyrion heard the screams of frightened horses and the crash of metal on metal. Chiggen's sword raked across the naked face of a mailed rider, and Bronn plunged through the clansmen like a whirlwind, cutting down foes right and left. Ser Rodrik hammered at him, their horses dancing round each other as their traded blow for blow. Jyck vaulted onto a horse and galloped bareback into the fray. Tyrion saw an arrow sprout from the throat of himthe shadowskin cloak. When him opened him's mouth to scream, only blood came out. By the time him fell, Ser Rodrik was fighting someone else. Suddenly Marillion shrieked, covering Marillion's head with Marillion's woodharp as a horse leapt over their rock.Tyrion scrambled to Tyrion's feet as the rider turned to come back at them, hefting a spiked maul. Tyrion swung Tyrion's axe with both hands. The blade caught the charging horse in the throat with a meaty thunk, angling upward, and Tyrion almost lost Tyrion's grip as the charging horse screamed and collapsed. Tyrion managed to wrench his axe free and lurch clumsily out of the way. Marillion was less fortunate. Horse and rider crashed to the ground in a tangle on top of Marillion. Tyrion danced back in while the rider's leg was still pinned beneath the rider's , and buried his axe in the rider's neck, just above the shoulder blades. As Tyrion struggled to yank The blade loose, Tyrion heard Marillion moaning under the bodies. Someone help Marillion, Marillion gasped. Gods have mercy, Marillion'm bleeding. Tyrion believe that's horse blood, Tyrion said. Marillion's hand came crawling out from beneath the charging horse, scrabbling in the dirt like a spider with five legs. Tyrion put Tyrion's heel on The singer's hand and felt a satisfying crunch. Close Marillion's eyes and pretend Marillion're dead, Tyrion advised Marillion before Tyrion hefted his axe and turned away. After that, things ran together.The dawn was full of shouts and screams and heavy with the scent of blood, and the world had turned to chaos. Arrows hissed past his ear and clattered off the rocks. his saw Bronn unhorsed, fighting with a sword in each hand. his kept on the fringes of the fight, sliding from rock to rock and darting out of the shadows to hew at the legs of passing horses. his found a wounded clansman and left a wounded clansman dead, helping his to a wounded clansman's halfhelm. the man's halfhelm fit too snugly, but his was glad of any protection at all. Jyck was cut down from behind while his sliced at a man in front of his, and later his stumbled over Kurleket's body. Kurleket's body had been smashed in with a mace, but his recognized the dirk as his plucked the dirk from Kurleket's's dead fingers. his was sliding the dirk through his's belt when his heard a woman's scream. a woman's was trapped against the stone face of the mountain with three men around a woman's, one still mounted and the other two on foot. a woman's had a dagger clutched awkwardly in a woman's's maimed hands, but a woman's's back was to the stone face of the mountain now and three men had penned a woman's on three sides. Let three men have a woman's, his thought, and welcome to a woman's, yet somehow his was moving. his caught the first man in the back of the knee before three men even knew his was there, and the heavy axehead split flesh and bone like rotten wood. Logs that bleed, his thought inanely as the second man came for his. his ducked under his's sword, lashed out with the heavy axehead, the second man reeled backward… and a woman's stepped up behind the second man and opened the second man's throat.The horseman remembered an urgent engagement elsewhere and galloped off suddenly. Tyrion looked around. The enemy were all vanquished or vanished. Somehow the fighting had ended when Tyrion wasn't looking. Dying horses and wounded men lay all around, screaming or moaning. To Tyrion's vast astonishment, Tyrion was not one of Dying horses and wounded men. Tyrion opened Tyrion's fingers and let the axe thunk to the ground. his fingers were sticky with blood. Tyrion could have sworn they had been fighting for half a day, but the sun seemed scarcely to have moved at all. Tyrion's first battle? Bronn asked later as Tyrion bent over Jyck's body, pulling off Tyrion's boots. his boots were good boots, as befit one of Lord Tywin's men; heavy leather, oiled and supple, much finer than what Bronn was wearing. Tyrion nodded. Lord Tywin's will be so proud, Tyrion said. Tyrion's legs were cramping so badly Tyrion could scarcely stand.Odd, he had never once noticed the pain during the battle. he need a woman now, Bronn said with a glint in Bronn's black eyes. Bronn shoved the boots into Bronn's saddlebag. Nothing like a woman after a man's been blooded, take Bronn's word. Chiggen stopped looting the corpses of the brigands long enough to snort and lick Chiggen's lips. he glanced over to where Lady Stark was dressing Ser Rodrik's wounds. he'm willing if Lady Stark is, he said. The freeriders broke into laughter, and he grinned and thought, There's a start. Afterward he knelt by the stream and washed the blood off he's face in water cold as ice. As he limped back to the others, he glanced again at the corpses of the brigands. the corpses of the brigands were thin, ragged men, the corpses of the brigands's horses scrawny and undersized, with every rib showing. What weapons Bronn and Chiggen had left the corpses of the brigands were none too impressive. Mauls, clubs, a scythe… he remembered the big man in the shadowskin cloak who had dueled Ser Rodrik's with a two-handed greatsword, but when he found the big man in the shadowskin cloak who had dueled Ser Rodrik with a two-handed greatsword's corpse sprawled on the stony ground, the big man in the shadowskin cloak who had dueled Ser Rodrik with a two-handed greatsword was not so big after all, the shadowskin cloak was gone, and he saw that a two-handed greatsword was badly notched, a two-handed greatsword's cheap steel spotted with rust. Small wonder the corpses of the brigands had left nine bodies on the stony ground. the corpses of the brigands had only three dead; two of Lord Bracken's men-at-arms, Kurleket and Mohor, and Lord Bracken's's own man Jyck, who had made such a bold show with his own man Jyck, who had made such a bold show with his bareback charge's bareback charge.A fool to the end, Tyrion thought. Lady Stark, I urge Lady Stark to press on, with all haste, I said, I's eyes scanning the ridgetops warily through the slit in I's helm. We drove them off for the moment, but them will not have gone far. We must bury We's dead, I, Lady Stark said. our dead were brave men. Lady Stark will not leave our dead to the crows and shadowcats. This soil is too stony for digging, I said. Then We shall gather stones for cairns. Gather all the stones Lady Stark want, Bronn told Lady Stark, but do Gather without Bronn or Chiggen. Bronn've better things to do than pile rocks on dead men… breathing, for one. Bronn looked over the rest of the survivors. Any of the rest of the survivors who hope to be alive come nightfall, ride with We. Lady Stark, I fear Bronn speaks the truth, I said wearily. I had been wounded in the fight, a deep gash in I's left arm and a spear thrust that grazed I's neck, and I sounded I's age. If We linger here, them will be on We again for a certainty, and We may not live through a second attack.Tyrion could see the anger in Catelyn's face, but Catelyn's had no choice. May the gods forgive us, then. us will ride at once. There was no shortage of horses now. Tyrion moved Tyrion's saddle to Jyck's spotted gelding, who looked strong enough to last another three or four days at least. Tyrion was about to mount when Lharys stepped up and said, Lharys'll take that dirk now, Tyrion. Let Tyrion keep that dirk. Catelyn's looked down from Jyck's spotted gelding, who looked strong enough to last another three or four days at least. And see that Tyrion has Tyrion's axe back as well. us may have need of his axe if us are attacked again. Catelyn's have Tyrion's thanks, Catelyn's, Tyrion said, mounting up. Save them, Catelyn's said curtly. Catelyn's trust Tyrion no more than Catelyn's did before. Catelyn's was gone before Tyrion could frame a reply. Tyrion adjusted Tyrion's stolen helm and took his axe from Bronn.He remembered how He had begun the journey, with He's wrists bound and a hood pulled down over He's head, and decided that this was a definite improvement. Lady Stark could keep Lady Stark's trust; so long as He could keep the axe, He would count He ahead in the game. Ser Willis Wode led them out. Bronn took the rear, with Lady Stark safely in the middle, Ser Rodrik a shadow beside Lady Stark. Marillion kept throwing sullen looks back at Tyrion as them rode. Marillion had broken several ribs, Marillion's woodharp, and all four fingers on Marillion's playing hand, yet the day had not been an utter loss to Marillion; somewhere Marillion had acquired a magnificent shadowskin cloak, thick black fur slashed by stripes of white. Marillion huddled beneath a magnificent shadowskin cloak, thick black fur slashed by stripes of white's folds silently, and for once had nothing to say. them heard the deep growls of shadowcats behind them before them had gone half a mile, and later the wild snarling of the beasts fighting over the corpses the beasts had left behind. Marillion grew visibly pale. Tyrion trotted up beside Marillion. Craven, Tyrion said, rhymes nicely with raven. Tyrion kicked Tyrion's horse and moved past Marillion, up to Ser Rodrik and Lady Stark. Lady Stark looked at Tyrion, lips pressed tightly together. As Tyrion was saying before we were so rudely interrupted, Tyrion began, there is a serious flaw in Littlefinger's fable. Whatever Lady Stark may believe of Tyrion, Lady Stark, Tyrion promise Lady Stark this—Tyrion never bet against Tyrion's family.