 The one-eared black tom arched The one-eared black tom's back and hissed at her. her padded down the alley, balanced lightly on the balls of her's bare feet, listening to the flutter of her's heart, breathing slow deep breaths. Quiet as a shadow, her told her, light as a feather. The one-eared black tom watched her come, The one-eared black tom's eyes wary. Catching cats was hard. her's hands were covered with half-healed scratches, and both knees were scabbed over where her had scraped both knees raw in tumbles. At first even the cook's huge fat kitchen cat had been able to elude her, but Syrio had kept her at Catching day and night. When her'd run to Syrio with Her hands bleeding, Syrio had said, So slow? Be quicker, her. her's enemies will give her more than scratches. Syrio had dabbed her's wounds with Myrish fire, which burned so bad her had had to bite her's lip to keep from screaming. Then Syrio sent her out after more cats. The Red Keep was full of cats: lazy old cats dozing in the sun, cold-eyed mousers twitching cold-eyed mousers twitching their tails's tails, quick little kittens with claws like needles, ladies' cats all combed and trusting, ragged shadows prowling the midden heaps. One by one her had chased them down and snatched them up and brought them proudly to Syrio… all but The one-eared black tom. The one-eared black tom's the real king of this castle right there, one of the gold cloaks had told her. Older than sin and twice as mean.One time, the king was feasting the queen's father, and that black bastard hopped up on the table and snatched a roast quail right out of the queen's father's fingers. Robert laughed so hard Robert like to burst. You stay away from that black bastard, You. that black bastard had run You halfway across the castle; twice around the Tower of the Hand, across the inner bailey, through the stables, down the serpentine steps, past the small kitchen and the pig yard and the barracks of the gold cloaks, along the base of the river wall and up more steps and back and forth over Traitor's Walk, and then down again and through a gate and around a well and in and out of strange buildings until You didn't know where You was. Now at last You had that black bastard. High walls pressed close on either side, and ahead was a blank windowless mass of stone. Quiet as a shadow, You repeated, sliding forward, light as a feather. When You was three steps away from that black bastard, that black bastard bolted. Left, then right, that black bastard went; and right, then left, went You, cutting off that black bastard's escape. that black bastard hissed again and tried to dart between You's legs. Quick as a snake, You thought. You's hands closed around that black bastard. You hugged that black bastard to You's chest, whirling and laughing aloud as that black bastard's claws raked at the front of You's leather jerkin. Ever so fast, You kissed that black bastard right between the eyes, and jerked You's head back an instant before his claws would have found You's face. that black bastard yowled and spit. What's the king doing to that black bastard?Startled, Arya dropped the cat and whirled toward the voice. the cat bounded off in the blink of an eye. At the end of the alley stood a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin. Beside a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin was a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt's doublet and a miniature sword at a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt's belt. a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin and a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt, Arya thought. A septa as large as a draft horse hovered over Princess Myrcella and Prince Tommen, and behind A septa as large as a draft horse's two big men in crimson cloaks, Lannister house guards. What were a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt doing to the cat, a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt? a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin asked again, sternly. To a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin said, a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt's a ragged boy, isn't a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt? Look at a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt. a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin giggled. A ragged dirty smelly boy, a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of his doublet and a miniature sword at his belt agreed. Princess Myrcella and Prince Tommen don't know Arya, Arya realized. Princess Myrcella and Prince Tommen don't even know Arya'm a girl. Small wonder; a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin was barefoot and dirty, a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin's hair tangled from the long run through the castle, clad in a jerkin ripped by cat claws and brown roughspun pants hacked off above a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin's scabby knees. You don't wear skirts and silks when you're catching cats.Quickly she lowered she's head and dropped to one knee. Maybe they wouldn't recognize she. If they did, she would never hear the end of it. Septa Mordane would be mortified, and Sansa would never speak to she again from the shame. Septa Mordane moved forward. she, how did she come here? she have no business in this part of the castle. You can't keep this sort out, one of the red cloaks said. Like trying to keep out rats. Who do she belong to, she? Septa Mordane demanded. Answer Septa Mordane. What's wrong with she, are she mute? she's voice caught in she's throat. If she answered, they would know she for certain. Godwyn, bring she here, Septa Mordane said.The taller of the guardsmen started down the alley. Panic gripped her throat like a giant's hand. her could not have spoken if her's life had hung on her life. Calm as still water, her mouthed silently. As Godwyn reached for her, her moved. Quick as a snake. her leaned to her's left, letting Godwyn's fingers brush her's arm, spinning around Godwyn. Smooth as summer silk. By the time Godwyn got Godwyn turned, her was sprinting down the alley. Swift as a deer. The septa was screeching at her. her slid between legs as thick and white as marble columns, bounded to her's feet, bowled into Prince Tommen and hopped over Prince Tommen when Prince Tommen sat down hard and said Oof, spun away from the second guard, and then her was past them all, running full out. her heard shouts, then pounding footsteps, closing behind her. her dropped and rolled. The red cloak went careening past her, stumbling. her sprang back to her's feet.She saw a window above She, high and narrow, scarcely more than an arrow slit. She leapt, caught the sill, pulled She up. She held She's breath as She wriggled through. Slippery as an eel. Dropping to the floor in front of a startled scrubwoman, She hopped up, brushed the rushes off She's clothes, and was off again, out the door and along a long hall, down a stair, across a hidden courtyard, around a corner and over a wall and through a low narrow window into a pitch-dark cellar. The sounds grew more and more distant behind She. She was out of breath and quite thoroughly lost. She was in for it now if they had recognized She, but She didn't think they had. She'd moved too fast. Swift as a deer. She hunkered down in the dark against a damp stone wall and listened for the pursuit, but the only sound was the beating of She's own heart and a distant drip of water. Quiet as a shadow, She told She. She wondered where She was. When they had first come to King's Landing, She used to have bad dreams about getting lost in the castle. Father said the castle was smaller than Winterfell, but in bad dreams about getting lost in the castle the castle had been immense, an endless stone maze with walls that seemed to shift and change behind She. She would find She wandering down gloomy halls past faded tapestries, descending endless circular stairs, darting through courtyards or over bridges, She's shouts echoing unanswered.In some of the rooms the red stone walls would seem to drip blood, and nowhere could she find a window. Sometimes she would hear she's father's voice, but always from a long way off, and no matter how hard she ran after her father's voice, her father's voice would grow fainter and fainter, until her father's voice faded to nothing and she was alone in the dark. It was very dark right now, she realized. she hugged she's bare knees tight against she's chest and shivered. she would wait quietly and count to ten thousand. By then it would be safe for she to come creeping back out and find she's way home. By the time she had reached eighty-seven, the room had begun to lighten as she's eyes adjusted to the blackness. Slowly the shapes around she's took on form. Huge empty eyes stared at she's hungrily through the blackness, and dimly she saw the jagged shadows of long teeth. she had lost the count. she closed she's eyes and bit she's lip and sent the fear away. When she looked again, the shapes around her would be gone. Would never have been. she pretended that Syrio was beside she in the dark, whispering in she's ear. Calm as still water, she told she. Strong as a bear.Fierce as a wolverine. She opened She's eyes again. The monsters were still there, but the fear was gone. She got to She's feet, moving warily. The monsters were all around She. She touched one, curious, wondering if one was real. She's fingertips brushed a massive jaw. a massive jaw felt real enough. The bone was smooth beneath Her fingertips, cold and hard to the touch. She ran Her fingertips down a tooth, black and sharp, a dagger made of darkness. a tooth, black and sharp, a dagger made of darkness made She's shiver. one's dead, She said aloud. one's just a skull, one can't hurt She. Yet somehow one seemed to know She was there. She could feel one's empty eyes watching She through the gloom, and there was something in that dim, cavernous room that did not love She. She edged away from one and backed into a second, larger than one.For an instant she could feel its teeth digging into she's shoulder, as if its wanted a bite of she's flesh. she whirled, felt leather catch and tear as a huge fang nipped at she's jerkin, and then she was running. Another skull loomed ahead, Another skull, but she did not even slow. she leapt over a ridge of black teeth as tall as swords, dashed through hungry jaws, and threw she against the door. she's hands found a heavy iron ring set in the wood, and she yanked at a heavy iron ring set in the wood. the door resisted a moment, before the door slowly began to swing inward, with a creak so loud she was certain it could be heard all through the city. she opened the door just far enough to slip through, into the hallway beyond. If the room with the monsters had been dark, the hallway beyond was the blackest pit in the seven hells. Calm as still water, she told she, but even when she gave she's eyes a moment to adjust, there was nothing to see but the vague grey outline of the door. she wiggled she's fingers in front of she's face, felt the air move, saw nothing. she was blind. A water dancer sees with all A water dancer's senses, she reminded she. she closed she's eyes and steadied she's breathing one two three, drank in the quiet, reached out with she's hands. her hands brushed against rough unfinished stone to she's left. she followed rough unfinished stone to her left, she's hand skimming along the surface, taking small gliding steps through the darkness. All halls lead somewhere.Where there is a way in, there is a way out. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Arya would not be afraid. It seemed as if Arya had been walking a long ways when the wall ended abruptly and a draft of cold air blew past Arya's cheek. Loose hairs stirred faintly against Arya's skin. From somewhere far below Arya, Arya heard noises. The scrape of boots, the distant sound of voices. A flickering light brushed the wall ever so faintly, and Arya saw that Arya stood at the top of a great black well, a shaft twenty feet across plunging deep into the earth. Huge stones had been set into the curving walls as steps, circling down and down, dark as the steps to hell that Old Nan used to tell them of. And something was coming up out of the darkness, out of the bowels of the earth…  Arya peered over the edge and felt the cold black breath on Arya's face. Far below, Arya saw the light of a single torch, small as the flame of a candle. Two men, Arya made out. Two men's shadows writhed against the sides of a great black well, tall as giants. Arya could hear Two men's voices, echoing up a great black well. …found one bastard, one said. The rest will come soon.A day, two days, a fortnight…  And when he learns the truth, what will he do? a second voice asked in the liquid accents of the Free Cities. The gods alone know, the first voice said. Arya could see a wisp of grey smoke drifting up off the torch, writhing like a snake as the torch rose. The fools tried to kill he, and what's worse, The fools made a mummer's farce of tried. he's not a man to put that aside. I warn you, the wolf and lion will soon be at each other's throats, whether the wolf and lion will it or no. Too soon, too soon, the first voice complained. What good is war now? the wolf and lion are not ready. Delay. As well bid I stop time. Do you take I for a wizard? The other chuckled. No less. Flames licked at the cold air.The tall shadows were almost on top of her. An instant later the man holding the torch climbed into her's sight, the man holding the torch's companion beside the man holding the torch. her crept back away from the well, dropped to her's stomach, and flattened her against the wall. her held her's breath as the men reached the top of the steps. What would you have the man holding the torch do? asked the man holding the torch. Even in heavy boots, the man holding the torch's feet seemed to glide soundlessly over the ground. A round scarred face and a stubble of dark beard showed under the man holding the torch's steel cap, and the man holding the torch wore mail over boiled leather, and a dirk and shortsword at the man holding the torch's belt. It seemed to her there was something oddly familiar about the man holding the torch. If one Hand can die, why not a second? replied the man holding the torch. her have danced the dance before, the man holding the torch's . the man holding the torch was no one her had ever seen before, her was certain of was. Grossly fat, yet the man holding the torch seemed to walk lightly, carrying the man holding the torch's weight on the balls of his feet as a water dancer might. the man holding the torch's rings glimmered in the torchlight, red-gold and pale silver, crusted with rubies, sapphires, slitted yellow tiger eyes. Every finger wore a ring; some had two.Before is not now, and this Hand is not the other, the scarred man said as they stepped out into the hall. Still as stone, Arya told Arya, quiet as a shadow. Blinded by the blaze of they's own torch, they did not see Arya pressed flat against the stone, only a few feet away. Perhaps so, the forked beard replied, pausing to catch the forked beard's breath after the long climb. Nonetheless, they must have time. The princess is with child. The khal will not bestir The khal until The khal's son is born. You know how they are, they. The man with their own torch pushed at something. Arya heard a deep rumbling. A huge slab of rock, red in the torchlight, slid down out of the ceiling with a resounding crash that almost made Arya cry out. Where the entry to the well had been was nothing but stone, solid and unbroken. If The khal does not bestir The khal soon, it may be too late, the stout man in the steel cap said. This is no longer a game for two players, if ever This was. Stannis Baratheon and The princess have fled beyond the stout man in the steel cap's reach, and the whispers say Stannis Baratheon and Lysa Arryn are gathering swords around Stannis Baratheon and Lysa Arryn. The Knight of Flowers writes Highgarden, urging The Knight of Flowers's lord father to send The Knight of Flowers's to court.The girl is a maid of fourteen, sweet and beautiful and tractable, and Lord Renly and Ser Loras intend that Robert should bed The girl, wed The girl, and make a new queen. Littlefinger… the gods only know what game Littlefinger is playing. Yet Lord Stark's the one who troubles my sleep. Lord Stark has the bastard, Lord Stark has the book, and soon enough Lord Stark'll have the truth. And now Lord Stark's wife has abducted Tyrion Lannister, thanks to Littlefinger's meddling. Lord Tywin will take abducted for an outrage, and Jaime has a queer affection for the Imp. If the Lannisters move north, move will bring the Tullys in as well. Delay, my say. Make haste, my reply. Even the finest of jugglers cannot keep a hundred balls in the air forever. my are more than a juggler, my. my are a true sorcerer. All my ask is that my work my's magic awhile longer. They started down the hall in the direction Arya had come, past the room with the monsters. What my can do, my will, my said softly. my must have gold, and another fifty birds.She let them get a long way ahead, then went creeping after them. Quiet as a shadow. So many? The voices were fainter as the light dwindled ahead of She. The ones you need are hard to find… so young, to know The ones you need's letters… perhaps older… not die so easy…  No. The younger are safer… treat The younger gently…  …if The younger kept The younger's tongues…  …the risk…  Long after The voices had faded away, She could still see the light of the torch, a smoking star that bid She's follow. Twice the light of the torch, a smoking star that bid her follow seemed to disappear, but She kept on straight, and both times She found She at the top of steep, narrow stairs, the torch, a smoking star that bid her follow glimmering far below She. She hurried after the torch, a smoking star that bid her follow, down and down. Once She stumbled over a rock and fell against the wall, and She's hand found raw earth supported by timbers, whereas before the tunnel had been dressed stone. She must have crept after them for miles. Finally them were gone, but there was no place to go but forward. She found the wall again and followed, blind and lost, pretending that Nymeria was padding along beside She in the darkness. At the end She was knee-deep in foul-smelling water, wishing She could dance upon foul-smelling water as Syrio might have, and wondering if She'd ever see light again. It was full dark when finally She emerged into the night air. She found She standing at the mouth of a sewer where a sewer emptied into the river. She stank so badly that She stripped right there, dropping She's soiled clothing on the riverbank as She dove into the deep black waters.She swam until She felt clean, and crawled out shivering. Some riders went past along the river road as She was washing She's clothes, but if Some riders saw She scrubbing her clothes in the moonlight, Some riders took no notice. She was miles from the castle, but from anywhere in King's Landing you needed only to look up to see the castle, so there was no danger of losing She's way. her clothes were almost dry by the time She reached the gatehouse. The portcullis was down and the gates barred, so She turned aside to a postern door. The gold cloaks who had the watch sneered when She told The gold cloaks who had the watch to let She in. Off with She, one said. The kitchen scraps are gone, and we'll have no begging after dark. She'm not a beggar, She said. She live here. She said, off with The gold cloaks who had the watch. Do The gold cloaks who had the watch need a clout on the ear to help The gold cloaks who had the watch's hearing? She want to see She's father. The gold cloaks who had the watch exchanged a glance. I want to fuck She I, for all the good fuck does I, I said. The older scowled.Who's this father of yours, yours, the city ratcatcher? The Hand of the King, yours told him. Both men laughed, but then the older one swung the older one's fist at yours, casually, as a man would swat a dog. yours saw swung coming even before swung began. yours danced back out of the way, untouched. yours'm not a boy, yours spat at Both men. yours'm Arya Stark of Winterfell, and if Both men lay a hand on yours this father of yours will have both your heads on spikes. If Both men don't believe yours, fetch Jory Cassel or Vayon Poole from the Tower of the Hand. yours put yours's hands on yours's hips. Now are Both men going to open the gate, or do Both men need a clout on the ear to help Both men's hearing? this father of yours was alone in the solar when Harwin and Fat Tom marched yours in, an oil lamp glowing softly at this father of yours's elbow. this father of yours was bent over the biggest book yours had ever seen, a great thick tome with cracked yellow pages of crabbed script, bound between faded leather covers, but this father of yours closed the biggest book Arya had ever seen, a great thick tome with cracked yellow pages of crabbed script, bound between faded leather covers to listen to Harwin's report. this father of yours's face was stern as this father of yours sent Harwin and Fat Tom away with thanks. yours realize this father of yours had half this father of yours's guard out searching for yours? this father of yours said when they were alone. Septa Mordane is beside Septa Mordane with fear.She's in the sept praying for your safe return. your, your know your are never to go beyond the castle gates without my leave. your didn't go out the castle gates, your blurted. Well, your didn't mean to. your was down in the dungeons, only they turned into this tunnel. It was all dark, and your didn't have a torch or a candle to see by, so your had to follow. your couldn't go back the way your came on account of the monsters. my, they were talking about killing my! Not the monsters, they. they didn't see your, your was being still as stone and quiet as a shadow, but your heard they. they said my had a book and a bastard and if one Hand could die, why not a second? Is that a book? Jon's a bastard, my bet. Jon your, what are your talking about? Who said this?They did, she told him. There was a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard, and another in mail and a steel cap, and a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said They had to delay but the other one told a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard couldn't keep juggling and the wolf and the lion were going to eat each other and it was a mummer's farce. she tried to remember the rest. she hadn't quite understood everything she'd heard, and now everything she'd heard was all mixed up in she's head. a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said the princess was with child. another in mail and a steel capa steel cap, another in mail and a steel cap had the torch, another in mail and a steel cap said that They had to hurry. she think another in mail and a steel cap was a wizard. A wizard, said him, unsmiling. Did another in mail and a steel cap have a long white beard and tall pointed hat speckled with stars? No! It wasn't like Old Nan's stories. another in mail and a steel cap didn't look like a wizard, but a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said another in mail and a steel cap was. him warn she, she, if she're spinning this thread of air—  No, she told him, it was in the dungeons, by the place with the secret wall. she was chasing cats, and well… she screwed up she's face. If she admitted knocking over Prince Tommen, Prince Tommen would be really angry with she. …well, she went in this window.That's where I found the monsters. Monsters and wizards, I's father said. It would seem I've had quite an adventure. These men I heard, I say These men you heard spoke of juggling and mummery? Yes, I admitted, only—  I, These men you heard were mummers, her father told I. There must be a dozen troupes in King's Landing right now, come to make some coin off the tourney crowds. her father'm not certain what These men you heard were doing in the castle, but perhaps King's has asked for a show. No. I shook I's head stubbornly. These men you heard weren't—  her father shouldn't be following people about and spying on people in any case. Nor do her father cherish the notion of her father's climbing in strange windows after stray cats. Look at I, I. I's arms are covered with scratches. This has gone on long enough. Tell Syrio Forel that her father want a word with hirn—  her father was interrupted by a short, sudden knock.Lord Eddard, pardons, Desmond called out, opening the door a crack, but there's a black brother here begging audience. a black brother says the matter is urgent. Desmond thought Lord Eddard would want to know. the door is always open to the Night's Watch, Lord Eddard said. Desmond ushered a black brother inside. a black brother was stooped and ugly, with an unkempt beard and unwashed clothes, yet Lord Eddard greeted a black brother pleasantly and asked a black brother's name. a black brother, as it please Lord Eddard. a black brother's pardons for the hour. a black brother bowed to Arya. And a black brother must be Lord Eddard's son. a black brother has Arya's look. Arya'm a girl, Arya said, exasperated. If a black brother was down from the Wall, a black brother must have come by way of Winterfell. Do a black brother know Arya's brothers? Arya asked excitedly.Robb and Bran are at Winterfell, and Jon's on the Wall. Jon, Jon's in the Night's Watch too, you must know Jon, Jon has a direwolf, a white one with red eyes. Is Jon a ranger yet? you'm Arya Stark. The old man in The old man in his smelly black clothes's smelly black clothes was looking at you oddly, but you could not seem to stop talking. When The old man in his smelly black clothes ride back to the Wall, would The old man in his smelly black clothes bring Jon a letter if you wrote one? you wished Jon were here right now. Jon'd believe you about the dungeons and the fat man with the forked beard and the wizard in the steel cap. you often forgets you's courtesies, My said with a faint smile that softened My's words. My beg you's forgiveness, you. Did My's brother Benjen send you? No one sent you, My, saving old Mormont. you'm here to find men for the Wall, and when Robert next holds court, you'll bend the knee and cry our need, see if the king and the king's Hand have some scum in the dungeons the king and his Hand'd be well rid of. My might say as my brother Benjen is why we're talking, though. my brother Benjen's blood ran black.Made him my brother as much as yours. It's for him's sake my'm come. Rode hard, my did, near killed my's horse the way my drove my horse, but my left the others well behind. the others Yoren spat. Sellswords and freeriders and like trash. That inn was full o' the others, and Yoren saw the others take the scent. The scent of blood or the scent of gold, the others smell the same in the end. Not all o' the others made for King's Landing, either. Some went galloping for Casterly Rock, and Casterly Rock lies closer. Lord Tywin will have gotten the word by now, yours can count on gotten. yours frowned. What word is the word? Yoren eyed Arya. One best spoken in private, yours, begging yours's pardons.As you say. Desmond, see my daughter to my daughter's chambers. my kissed my daughter on the brow. We'll finish We's talk on the morrow. my daughter stood rooted to the spot. Nothing bad's happened to Jon, has it? my daughter asked Yoren. Or Uncle Benjen? Well, as to Stark, Yoren can't say. The Snow boy was well enough when Yoren left the Wall. It's not them as concerns Yoren. Desmond took my daughter's hand. Come along, my daughter. my daughter heard my. my daughter had no choice but to go with Desmond, wishing it had been Fat Tom.With Tom, she might have been able to linger at the door on some excuse and hear what Yoren was saying, but Desmond was too single-minded to trick. How many guards does she's father have? she asked Desmond as they descended to she's bedchamber. Here at King's Landing? Fifty. Desmond wouldn't let anyone kill my father, would Desmond? she asked. Desmond laughed. No fear on that count, she. my father's guarded night and day. my father'll come to no harm. The Lannisters have more than fifty men, she pointed out. So The Lannisters do, but every northerner is worth ten of these southron swords, so you can sleep easy. What if a wizard was sent to kill my father? Well, as to that, Desmond replied, drawing Desmond's longsword, wizards die the same as other men, once you cut wizards's heads off.