 Robert, I beg of Robert, I pleaded, hear what Robert are saying. Robert are talking of murdering a child. The whore is pregnant! The king's fist slammed down on the council table loud as a thunderclap. The king's warned I this would happen, I. Back in the barrowlands, The king's warned I, but I did not care to hear warned. Well, I'll hear warned now. The king's want them dead, them, and that fool Viserys as well. Is want plain enough for I? The king's want them dead. The other councillors were all doing The other councillors's best to pretend that The other councillors were somewhere else. No doubt The other councillors were wiser than The king's was.Eddard Stark had seldom felt quite so alone. Eddard Stark will dishonor Eddard Stark forever if Eddard Stark do this. Then let this be on my head, so long as this is done. my am not so blind that my cannot see the shadow of the axe when the axe is hanging over my's own neck. There is no axe, Eddard Stark told my. Only the shadow of a shadow, twenty years removed… if a shadow exists at all. If? Varys asked softly, wringing powdered hands together. Varys's , Eddard Stark wrong Varys. Would Varys bring ties to king and council? Eddard Stark looked at Varys coldly. Varys would bring us the whisperings of a traitor half a world away, Eddard Stark.Perhaps Mormont is wrong. Perhaps Mormont is lying. Ser Jorah would not dare deceive me, Varys said with a sly smile. Rely on it, me. The princess is with child. So Varys say. If Varys are wrong, we need not fear. If The princess miscarries, we need not fear. If The princess births a daughter in place of a son, we need not fear. If the babe dies in infancy, we need not fear. But if the babe is a boy? Robert insisted.If he lives? The narrow sea would still lie between us. I shall fear the Dothraki the day the Dothraki teach the Dothraki's horses to run on water. I took a swallow of wine and glowered at Ned across the council table. So Ned would counsel I to do nothing until the dragonspawn has landed the dragonspawn's army on I's shores, is that it? the dragonspawn is in the dragonspawn's mother's belly, Ned said. Even Aegon did no conquering until after Even Aegon was weaned. Gods! Ned are stubborn as an aurochs, Ned. I looked around the council table. Have the rest of the council table mislaid the rest of you's tongues? Will no one talk sense to Ned?Varys gave the king an unctuous smile and laid a soft hand on Ned's sleeve. Varys understand the king's qualms, Ned's, truly Varys do. It gave Varys no joy to bring this grievous news to council. It is a terrible thing we contemplate, a vile thing. Yet we who presume to rule must do vile things for the good of the realm, howevermuch do pains we who presume to rule. Lord Renly shrugged. The matter seems simple enough to Lord Renly. We ought to have had Viserys and Viserys's sister killed years ago, but Viserys's Grace Lord Renly's brother made the mistake of listening to Jon Arryn. Mercy is never a mistake, Lord Renly, Ned's replied. On the Trident, Ser Barristan here cut down a dozen good men, Robert's friends and Ned's. When a dozen good men, Robert's friends and mine brought Ser Barristan here to us, grievously wounded and near death, Roose Bolton urged us to cut Ser Barristan here's throat, but my brother said, ‘my brother will not kill a man for loyalty, nor for fighting well,' and sent my brother's own maester to tend Ser Barristan here's wounds. my brother gave the king a long cool look.Would that man were here today. Robert had shame enough to blush. It was not the same, Robert complained. that man was a knight of the Kingsguard. Whereas Daenerys is a fourteen-year-old girl. Ned knew Ned was pushing this well past the point of wisdom, yet Ned could not keep silent. Robert, Ned ask Robert, what did we rise against Aerys Targaryen for, if not to put an end to the murder of children? To put an end to Targaryens! the king growled. Ned, the king never knew Ned to fear Rhaegar. Ned fought to keep the scorn out of Ned's voice, and failed. Have the years so unmanned Robert that Robert tremble at the shadow of an unborn child?Robert purpled. No more, Ned, he warned, pointing. Not another word. Have Ned forgotten who is king here? No, he, Ned replied. Have he? Enough! he bellowed. he am sick of talk. he'll be done with this, or be damned. What say you all? She must be killed, Lord Renly declared.We have no choice, murmured Varys. Sadly, sadly…  Ser Barristan Selmy raised Ser Barristan Selmy's pale blue eyes from the table and said, Your Grace, there is honor in facing an enemy on the battlefield, but none in killing an enemy in an enemy's mother's womb. Forgive Ser Barristan Selmy, but Ser Barristan Selmy must stand with Lord Eddard. Grand Maester Pycelle cleared Grand Maester Pycelle's throat, cleared. Grand Maester Pycelle's order serves the realm, not the ruler. Once Grand Maester Pycelle counseled King Aerys as loyally as Grand Maester Pycelle counsel King Robert now, so Grand Maester Pycelle bear this girl child of Lord Eddard's no ill will. Yet Grand Maester Pycelle ask Your Grace this—should war come again, how many soldiers will die? How many towns will burn? How many children will be ripped from their mothers to perish on the end of a spear? Grand Maester Pycelle stroked Grand Maester Pycelle's luxuriant white beard, infinitely sad, infinitely weary. Is it not wiser, even kinder, that Daenerys Targaryen should die now so that tens of thousands might live? Kinder, Varys said.Oh, well and truly spoken, Grand Maester. It is so true. Should the gods in the gods's caprice grant Daenerys Targaryen a son, the realm must bleed. Littlefinger was the last. As Ned looked to Littlefinger, Littlefinger stifled a yawn. When you find yourself in bed with an ugly woman, the best thing to do is close your eyes and get on with it, Littlefinger declared. Waiting won't make the maid any prettier. Kiss the maid and be done with it. Kiss the maid? Ser Barristan repeated, aghast. A steel kiss, said Littlefinger. Robert turned to face Robert's Hand.Well, there it is, Ned. Ned and Selmy stand alone on this matter. The only question that remains is, who can You and Selmy find to kill her? Mormont craves a royal pardon, Lord Renly reminded them. Desperately, Varys said, yet Mormont craves life even more. By now, her nears Vaes Dothrak, where it is death to draw a blade. If Lord Renly told them what the Dothraki would do to the poor man who used one on a khaleesi, none of them would sleep tonight. Lord Renly stroked a powdered cheek. Now, poison… the tears of Lys, let us say. Khal Drogo need never know it was not a natural death. Grand Maester Pycelle's sleepy eyes flicked open. Grand Maester Pycelle's squinted suspiciously at Lord Renly.Poison is a coward's weapon, the king complained. Ned had heard enough. the king send hired knives to kill a fourteen-year-old girl and still quibble about honor? Ned pushed back Ned's chair and stood. Do it the king, the king. The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. Look a fourteen-year-old girl in the eyes before the king kill a fourteen-year-old girl. See a fourteen-year-old girl's tears, hear a fourteen-year-old girl last words. the king owe a fourteen-year-old girl that much at least. Gods, the king swore, the word exploding out of the king as if the king could barely contain the king's fury. Ned mean it, damn Ned. the king reached for the flagon of wine at the king's elbow, found the flagon of wine at his elbow empty, and flung the flagon of wine at his elbow away to shatter against the wall.I am out of wine and out of patience. Enough of this. Just have it done. I will not be part of murder, Robert. Do as Robert will, but do not ask I to fix I's seal to murder. For a moment Robert did not seem to understand what I was saying. Defiance was not a dish Robert tasted often. Slowly Robert's face changed as comprehension came. Robert's eyes narrowed and a flush crept up Robert's neck past the velvet collar. Robert pointed an angry finger at I. I are I's Hand, I. I will do as Robert command I, or Robert'll find Robert a Hand who will.I wish him every success. Ned unfastened the heavy clasp that clutched at the folds of Ned's cloak, the ornate silver hand that was Ned's badge of office. Ned laid the heavy clasp that clutched at the folds of his cloak, the ornate silver hand that was his badge of office on the table in front of the king, saddened by the memory of the man who had pinned the heavy clasp that clutched at the folds of his cloak, the ornate silver hand that was his badge of office on Ned, the friend Ned had loved. I thought Ned a better man than this, Ned. I thought we had made a nobler king. Ned's face was purple. Out, Ned croaked, choking on Ned's rage. Out, damn Ned, the king'm done with Ned. What are Ned waiting for? Go, run back to Winterfell. And make certain the king never look on Ned's face again, or the king swear, the king'll have Ned's head on a spike!Ned bowed, and turned on Ned's heel without another word. Ned could feel Robert's eyes on Ned's back. As Ned strode from the council chambers, the discussion resumed with scarcely a pause. On Braavos there is a society called the Faceless Men, Grand Maester Pycelle offered. Do you have any idea how costly a society called the Faceless Men are? Ned complained. You could hire an army of common sellswords for half the price, and half the price's for a merchant. Ned don't dare think what a society called the Faceless Men might ask for a princess. The closing of the door behind Ned silenced the voices. Ser Boros Blount was stationed outside the council chambers, wearing the long white cloak and armor of the Kingsguard. Ser Boros Blount gave Ned a quick, curious glance from the corner of Ser Boros Blount's eye, but asked no questions.The day felt heavy and oppressive as he crossed the bailey back to the Tower of the Hand. he could feel the threat of rain in the air. he would have welcomed rain. rain might have made he feel a trifle less unclean. When he reached he's solar, he summoned Vayon Poole. Vayon Poole came at once. he sent for Vayon Poole, he? the Hand no longer, he told Vayon Poole. The king and he have quarreled. The king and I shall be returning to Winterfell. he shall begin making arrangements at once, he.We will need a fortnight to ready everything for the journey. We may not have a fortnight. We may not have a day. The king mentioned something about seeing The king's head on a spike. Ned frowned. Ned did not truly believe The king would harm him, not Robert. The king was angry now, but once Ned was safely out of sight, The king's rage would cool as his rage always did. Always? Suddenly, uncomfortably, Ned found Ned recalling Rhaegar Targaryen. Fifteen years dead, yet Robert hates Rhaegar Targaryen as much as ever. hates was a disturbing notion… and there was the other matter, the business with Catelyn and the dwarf that Yoren had warned Ned of last night.That would come to light soon, as sure as sunrise, and with the king in such a black fury… Robert might not care a fig for Tyrion Lannister, but it would touch on Robert's pride, and there was no telling what the queen might do. It might be safest if Robert went on ahead, Robert told Poole. Robert will take Robert's daughters and a few guardsmen. The rest of Poole can follow when Poole are ready. Inform Jory, but tell no one else, and do nothing until my daughters and Robert have gone. The castle is full of eyes and ears, and Robert would rather Robert's plans were not known. As Robert command, Robert. When Robert had gone, Robert went to the window and sat brooding. Robert had left Robert no choice that Robert could see. Robert ought to thank Robert. It would be good to return to Winterfell.He ought never have left. He's sons were waiting there. Perhaps He and Catelyn would make a new son together when He returned, he and Catelyn were not so old yet. And of late He had often found He dreaming of snow, of the deep quiet of the wolfswood at night. And yet, the thought of leaving angered He as well. So much was still undone. Robert and Robert's council of cravens and flatterers would beggar the realm if left unchecked… or, worse, sell the realm to the Lannisters in payment of the Lannisters's loans. And the truth of Jon Arryn's death still eluded He. Oh, He had found a few pieces, enough to convince He that Jon Arryn's had indeed been murdered, but a few pieces, enough to convince him that Jon had indeed been murdered was no more than the spoor of an animal on the forest floor. He had not sighted the beast the beast itself yet, though He sensed the beast itself was there, lurking, hidden, treacherous. It struck He suddenly that He might return to Winterfell by sea.Ned was no sailor, and ordinarily would have preferred the kingsroad, but if Ned took ship Ned could stop at Dragonstone and speak with Stannis Baratheon. Pycelle had sent a raven off across the water, with a polite letter from Ned requesting Stannis Baratheon to return to Stannis Baratheon's seat on the small council. As yet, there had been no reply, but the silence only deepened Ned's suspicions. Stannis Baratheon shared the secret Jon Arryn had died for, Ned was certain of shared. the secret Jon Arryn had died for might very well be waiting for Ned on the ancient island fortress of House Targaryen. And when you have the secret Jon Arryn had died for, what then? Some secrets are safer kept hidden. Some secrets are too dangerous to share, even with those you love and trust. Ned slid the dagger that Catelyn had brought Ned out of the sheath on Ned's belt. the dagger that Catelyn had brought him Why would the dwarf want Bran dead?To silence him, surely. Another secret, or only a different strand of the same web? Could Robert be part of the same web? him would not have thought so, but once him would not have thought Robert could command the murder of women and children either. Catelyn had tried to warn him. him knew Robert, Catelyn had said. Robert is a stranger to him. The sooner him was quit of Robert's Landing, the better. If there was a ship sailing north on the morrow, it would be well to be on a ship sailing north on the morrow. him summoned Vayon Poole again and sent Vayon Poole to the docks to make inquiries, quietly but quickly. Find him a fast ship with a skilled captain, him told Vayon Poole.I care nothing for the size of its cabins or the quality of its's appointments, so long as it is swift and safe. I wish to leave at once. I had no sooner taken I's leave than Tomard announced a visitor. a visitor to see you, you. you was half-tempted to turn a visitor away, but thought better of turn. a visitor was not free yet; until a visitor was, a visitor must play their games. Show a visitor in, Tomard. a visitor sauntered into the solar as if nothing had gone amiss that morning. a visitor wore a slashed velvet doublet in cream-and-silver, a grey silk cloak trimmed with black fox, and a visitor's customary mocking smile. you greeted a visitor coldly. Might you ask the reason for this visit, a visitor?I won't detain you long, I'm on I's way to dine with Lady Tanda. Lamprey pie and roast suckling pig. Lady Tanda has some thought to wed I to Lady Tanda's younger daughter, so Lady Tanda's table is always astonishing. If truth be told, I'd sooner marry roast suckling pig, but don't tell Lady Tanda. I do love lamprey pie. Don't let you keep I from I's eels, you's , you said with icy disdain. At the moment, you cannot think of anyone whose company you desire less than I. Oh, you'm certain if I put I's mind to it, I could come up with a few names. Varys, say. Cersei. Or Robert.His Grace is most wroth with you. His Grace went on about you at some length after you took you's leave of us this morning. The words insolence and ingratitude came into it frequently, I seem to recall. His Grace did not honor came with a reply. Nor did His Grace offer you a seat, but you took one anyway. After you stormed out, it was left to you to convince them not to hire the Faceless Men, you continued blithely. Instead them will quietly let it be known that them'll make a lord of whoever does in the Targaryen girl. His Grace was disgusted. So now them grant titles to assassins. you shrugged. Titles are cheap.The Faceless Men are expensive. If truth be told, I did the Targaryen girl more good than you with all you's talk of honor. Let some sellsword drunk on visions of lordship try to kill the Targaryen girl. Likely some sellsword drunk on visions of lordship'll make a botch of try, and afterward the Dothraki will be on the Dothraki's guard. If we'd sent a Faceless Man after the Targaryen girl, the Targaryen girl'd be as good as buried. you frowned. you sit in council and talk of ugly women and steel kisses, and now you expect you to believe that you tried to protect the Targaryen girl? How big a fool do you take you for? Well, quite an enormous one, actually, said I, laughing. Do you always find murder so amusing, you? It's not murder you find amusing, Lord Stark, it's I.You rule like a man dancing on rotten ice. I daresay You will make a noble splash. I believe I heard the first crack this morning. The first and last, said You. You've had You's fill. When do You mean to return to Winterfell, You? As soon as You can. What concern is that of You? None… but if perchance You're still here come evenfall, You'd be pleased to take You to this brothel You's man Jory has been searching for so ineffectually. You smiled. And You won't even tell the Lady Catelyn.