 My lady, My lady should have sent word of My lady's coming, Ser Donnel Waynwood told My lady as their horses climbed the pass. We would have sent an escort. The high road is not as safe as The high road once was, for a party as small as My lady. We learned is to We's sorrow, Ser Donnel Waynwood, My lady said. Sometimes My lady felt as though My lady's heart had turned to stone; six brave men had died to bring My lady this far, and My lady could not even find it in My lady to weep for six brave men. Even six brave men's names were fading. The clansmen harried We day and night. We lost three men in the first attack, and two more in the second, and Lannister's serving man died of a fever when Lannister's serving man's wounds festered. When We heard My's men approaching, I thought We doomed for certain. your men had drawn up for a last desperate fight, blades in hand and backs to the rock. The dwarf had been whetting the edge of The dwarf's axe and making some mordant jest when The dwarf spotted the banner your men carried before your men, the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn, sky-blue and white. My lady had never seen a more welcome sight. The clansmen have grown bolder since Lord Jon died, Ser Donnel Waynwood said. Ser Donnel Waynwood was a stocky youth of twenty years, earnest and homely, with a wide nose and a shock of thick brown hair. If it were up to Ser Donnel Waynwood, Ser Donnel Waynwood would take a hundred men into the mountains, root a hundred men out of a hundred men's fastnesses, and teach a hundred men some sharp lessons, but My lady has forbidden it. My lady would not even permit My lady's knights to fight in the Hand's tourney. My lady wants all our swords kept close to home, to defend the Vale… against what, no one is certain. Shadows, some say. Ser Donnel Waynwood looked at My lady's anxiously, as if Ser Donnel Waynwood had suddenly remembered who My lady was. Ser Donnel Waynwood hope Ser Donnel Waynwood have not spoken out of turn, My lady. Ser Donnel Waynwood meant no offense. Frank talk does not offend My lady, Ser Donnel Waynwood. My lady knew what My lady feared.Not shadows, Lannisters, she thought to she, glancing back to where the dwarf rode beside Bronn. The two of them had grown thick as thieves since Chiggen had died. the dwarf was more cunning than she liked. When The two of them had entered the mountains, the dwarf had been she's captive, bound and helpless. What was the dwarf now? her captive still, yet the dwarf rode along with a dirk through the dwarf's belt and an axe strapped to the dwarf's saddle, wearing the shadowskin cloak the dwarf'd won dicing with the singer and the chainmail hauberk the dwarf'd taken off Chiggen's corpse. Two score men flanked the dwarf and the rest of she's ragged band, knights and men-at-arms in service to she's sister Lysa and Jon Arryn's young son, and yet Tyrion betrayed no hint of fear. Could she be wrong? she wondered, not for the first time. Could Tyrion be innocent after all, of Bran and Jon Arryn's and all the rest? And if Tyrion was, what did that make she? Six men had died to bring Tyrion here. Resolute, she pushed she's doubts away. When The two of them reach your keep, she would take it kindly if your could send for Maester Colemon at once. Ser Rodrik is feverish from Ser Rodrik's wounds. More than once she had feared Ser Rodrik would not survive the journey. Toward the end Ser Rodrik could scarcely sit Ser Rodrik's horse, and Bronn had urged she to leave Ser Rodrik to Ser Rodrik's fate, but she would not hear of leave. They had tied Ser Rodrik in the saddle instead, and she had commanded the singer to watch over Ser Rodrik. Ser Donnel hesitated before Ser Donnel answered. her sister Lysa has commanded Maester Colemon to remain at the Eyrie at all times, to care for Lord Robert, Ser Donnel said. We have a septon at the gate who tends to We's wounded. a septon at the gate who tends to our wounded can see to Ser Rodrik's hurts. she had more faith in a maester's learning than a septon's prayers.She was about to say as much when She saw the battlements ahead, long parapets built into the very stone of the mountains on either side of them. Where the pass shrank to a narrow defile scarce wide enough for four men to ride abreast, twin watchtowers clung to the rocky slopes, joined by a covered bridge of weathered grey stone that arched above the road. Silent faces watched from arrow slits in tower, battlements, and bridge. When them had climbed almost to the top, a knight rode out to meet them. a knight's horse and a knight's armor were grey, but a knight's cloak was the rippling blue-and-red of Riverrun, and a shiny black fish, wrought in gold and obsidian, pinned his cloak's folds against a knight's shoulder. Who would pass the Bloody Gate? a knight called. Ser Donnel Waynwood, with She and She's companions, the young knight answered. a knight the Bloody Gate lifted a knight's visor. a knight thought She looked familiar. She are far from home, She. And a knight, a knight, She said, smiling despite all She had been through. Hearing that hoarse, smoky voice again took She back twenty years, to the days of She's childhood. a knight's home is at a knight's back, a knight said gruffly. My home is in She's heart, She told a knight. Take off a knight's helm. She would look on a knight's face again. The years have not improved your face, a knight fear, a knight said, but when a knight lifted off your helm, She saw that a knight lied. a knight's features were lined and weathered, and time had stolen the auburn from a knight's hair and left a knight only grey, but the smile was the same, and the bushy eyebrows fat as caterpillars, and the laughter in a knight's deep blue eyes. Did Lysa know She were coming? There was no time to send word ahead, She told a knight. her companions were coming up behind She. She fear them ride before the storm, a knight.May we enter the Vale? Ser Donnel asked. The Waynwoods were ever ones for ceremony. In the name of Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, Defender of the Vale, True Warden of the East, I bid you enter freely, and charge you to keep Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, Defender of the Vale, True Warden of the East's peace, Ser Brynden replied. Come. And so she rode behind Ser Brynden, beneath the shadow of the Bloody Gate where a dozen armies had dashed a dozen armies to pieces in the Age of Heroes. On the far side of the stoneworks, the mountains opened up suddenly upon a vista of green fields, blue sky, and snowcapped mountains that took she's breath away. the Vale Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, Defender of the Vale, True Warden of the East bathed in the morning light. the Vale stretched before we to the misty cast, a tranquil land of rich black soil, wide slow-moving rivers, and hundreds of small lakes that shone like mirrors in the sun, protected on all sides by the Vale's sheltering peaks. Wheat and corn and barley grew high in the Vale's fields, and even in Highgarden the pumpkins were no larger nor the fruit any sweeter than here. we stood at the western end of the valley, where the high road crested the last pass and began the high road's winding descent to the bottomlands two miles below. the Vale was narrow here, no more than a half day's ride across, and the northern mountains seemed so close that she could almost reach out and touch the northern mountains. Looming over them all was the jagged peak called the Giant's Lance, a mountain that even mountains looked up to, the Giant's Lance's head lost in icy mists three and a half miles above the valley floor. Over the Giant's Lance's massive western shoulder flowed the ghost torrent of Alyssa's Tears. Even from this distance, she could make out the shining silver thread, bright against the dark stone. When she's saw that she had stopped, Ser Brynden moved Ser Brynden's horse closer and pointed. the shining silver thread's there, beside Alyssa's Tears. All you can see from here is a flash of white every now and then, if you look hard and the sun hits the walls just right. Seven towers, Ned had told she, like white daggers thrust into the belly of the sky, so high you can stand on the parapets and look down on the clouds. How long a ride? she asked. we can be at the Giant's Lance by evenfall, Ser Brynden said, but the climb will take another day. Ser Rodrik Cassel spoke up from behind.My lady, My said, My fear My can go no farther today. My's face sagged beneath My's ragged, newgrown whiskers, and My looked so weary My lady feared My might fall off My's horse. Nor should My, My lady said. My have done all My lady could have asked of My, and a hundred times more. My lady's uncle will see My lady the rest of the way to the Eyrie. Lannister must come with My lady, but there is no reason that My and the others should not rest here and recover My's strength. We should be honored to have you and the others to guest, Ser Donnel said with the grave courtesy of the young. Beside My, only Bronn, Ser Willis Wode, and Marillion the singer remained of the party that had ridden with My lady from the inn by the crossroads. My lady, Marillion the singer said, riding forward. Marillion the singer beg My lady allow Marillion the singer to accompany My lady to the Eyrie, to see the end of the tale as Marillion the singer saw the tale's beginnings. Marillion the singer sounded haggard, yet strangely determined; Marillion the singer had a fevered shine to Marillion the singer's eyes. My lady had never asked Marillion the singer to ride with them; that choice Marillion the singer had made Marillion the singer, and how Marillion the singer had come to survive the journey when so many braver men lay dead and unburied behind them, My lady could never say. Yet here Marillion the singer was, with a scruff of beard that made Marillion the singer look almost a man. Perhaps My lady owed Marillion the singer something for having come this far. Very well, My lady told Marillion the singer. Bronn'll come as well, Bronn announced. My lady liked that less well. Without Bronn My lady would never have reached the Vale, My lady knew; Bronn was as fierce a fighter as My lady had ever seen, and Bronn's sword had helped cut them through to safety. Yet for all that, My lady misliked Bronn. Courage Bronn had, and strength, but there was no kindness in Bronn, and little loyalty. And My lady had seen Bronn riding beside Lannister far too often, talking in low voices and laughing at some private joke. My lady would have preferred to separate Bronn from Lannister here and now, but having agreed that Marillion the singer might continue to the Eyrie, My lady could see no gracious way to deny that same right to Bronn. As My wish, My lady said, although My lady noted that Bronn had not actually asked My lady's permission.Ser Willis Wode remained with Ser Rodrik, a soft-spoken septon fussing over their wounds. their's horses were left behind as well, Their horses. Ser Donnel promised to send birds ahead to the Eyrie and the Gates of the Moon with the word of their's coming. Fresh mounts were brought forth from the stables, surefooted mountain stock with shaggy coats, and within the hour their set forth once again. Catelyn rode beside Catelyn's uncle as their began the descent to the valley floor. Behind came Bronn, Tyrion Lannister, Marillion, and six of her uncle's men. Not until their were a third of the way down the mountain path, well out of earshot of the others, did her uncle turn to Catelyn and say, So, Catelyn. Tell her uncle about this storm of Catelyn. Catelyn have not been a child in many years, her uncle, Catelyn said, but Catelyn told her uncle nonetheless. It took longer than Catelyn would have believed to tell it all, Lysa's letter and Bran's fall, the assassin's dagger and Littlefinger and Catelyn's chance meeting with Tyrion Lannister in the crossroads inn. her uncle listened silently, heavy brows shadowing her uncle's eyes as her uncle's frown grew deeper. her uncle had always known how to listen… to anyone but Catelyn's father. her uncle was Lord Hoster's brother, younger by five years, but the two of the two of them had been at war as far back as Catelyn could remember. During one of the two of them's louder quarrels, when Catelyn was eight, Lord Hoster's had called her uncle the black goat of the Tully flock. Laughing, her uncle had pointed out that the sigil of the two of them's house was a leaping trout, so her uncle ought to be a black fish rather than a black goat, and from that day forward her uncle had taken a leaping trout as her uncle's personal emblem. war had not ended until the day Catelyn and Lysa's had been wed. It was at she and Lysa's wedding feast that her uncle told Lord Hoster's her uncle was leaving Riverrun to serve Lysa's and Lysa's's new husband, the Lord of the Eyrie. Lord Hoster's had not spoken Lord Hoster's's name since, from what Edmure told Catelyn in Edmure's infrequent letters. Nonetheless, during all those years of Catelyn's girlhood, it had been Brynden the Blackfish to whom Lord Hoster's's children had run with Lord Hoster's children's tears and Lord Hoster's children's tales, when Lord Hoster's was too busy and Mother too ill. Catelyn, Lysa's, Edmure… and yes, even Petyr Baelish, Lord Hoster's's ward… her uncle had listened to them all patiently, as her uncle listened now, laughing at them all's triumphs and sympathizing with them all's childish misfortunes. When Catelyn was done, her uncle remained silent for a long time, as her uncle's horse negotiated the mountain path. her father must be told, her uncle said at last. If the Lannisters should march, Winterfell is remote and the Vale walled up behind the Vale's mountains, but Riverrun lies right in the Lannisters's path. Catelyn'd had the same fear, Catelyn admitted.I shall ask Maester Colemon to send a bird when we reach the Eyrie. I had other messages to send as well; the commands that Ned had given I for Ned's bannermen, to ready the defenses of the north. What is the mood in the Vale? I asked. Angry, Brynden Tully admitted. Ned was much loved, and the insult was keenly felt when Ned named Jaime Lannister to an office the Arryns had held for near three hundred years. Lysa has commanded us to call Jaime Lannister the True Warden of the East, but no one is fooled. Nor is I alone in wondering at the manner of Ned's death. None dare say Ned was murdered, not openly, but suspicion casts a long shadow. Brynden Tully gave I a look, Brynden Tully's mouth tight. And there is the boy. the boy What of the boy? I ducked I's head as we passed under a low overhang of rock, and around a sharp turn. I's uncle's voice was troubled. Lord Robert, Her uncle's sighed. Six years old, sickly, and prone to weep if you take the boy's dolls away. Ned's trueborn heir, by all the gods, yet there are some who say the boy is too weak to sit the boy's seat, Nestor Royce has been high steward these past fourteen years, while Ned served in Ned's Landing, and many whisper that Nestor Royce should rule until the boy comes of age. Others believe that Lysa must marry again, and soon. Already the suitors gather like crows on a battlefield. the Eyrie is full of the suitors. I might have expected is, I said. Small wonder there; Lysa was still young, and the Vale made a handsome wedding gift.Will Lysa take another husband? Lysa says yes, provided Lysa finds a man who suits Lysa, Brynden Tully said, but Lysa has already rejected Lord Nestor and a dozen other suitable men. Lysa swears that this time Lysa will choose Lysa's lord husband. You of all people can scarce fault Lysa for choose. Brynden Tully snorted. Nor do You of all people, but… it seems to You of all people Lysa is only playing at courtship. Lysa enjoys courtship, but You of all people believe Lysa intends to rule Lysa until Lysa's boy is old enough to be Lord of the Eyrie in truth as well as name. A woman can rule as wisely as a man, your said. The right woman can, your's said with a sideways glance. Make no mistake, your. Lysa is not your. You of all people hesitated a moment. If truth be told, You of all people fear your may not find your's as helpful as your would like. your was puzzled. What do You of all people mean? Lysa is not the same girl who went south when Lysa's husband was named Hand. Those years were hard for Lysa. your must know. her husband was a dutiful husband, but their marriage was made from politics, not passion. As was You of all people's own. their began the same, but your's ending has been happier than your's . Two babes stillborn, twice as many miscarriages, her husband's death… your, the gods gave her boyher boy, and her boy is all your's lives for now, her boy. Small wonder Lysa fled rather than see her boy handed over to the Lannisters.Your sister is afraid, Your, and the Lannisters are what Your sister fears most. Your sister ran to the Vale, stealing away from the Red Keep like a thief in the night, and all to snatch Your sister's son out of the lion's mouth… and now Your have brought the lion's to Your sister's door. In chains, Your said. A crevasse yawned on Your's right, falling away into darkness. Your reined up Your's horse and picked Your's way along step by careful step. Oh? Your's uncle glanced back, to where Tyrion Lannister was making Tyrion Lannister's slow descent behind them. Her uncle see an axe on Tyrion Lannister's saddle, a dirk at Tyrion Lannister's belt, and a sellsword that trails after Tyrion Lannister like a hungry shadow. Where are the chains, Your? Your shifted uneasily in Your's seat. Tyrion Lannister is here, and not by choice. Chains or no, Tyrion Lannister is Your's prisoner. Your sister will want Tyrion Lannister to answer for Tyrion Lannister's crimes no less than Your It was Your sister's own lord husband the Lannisters murdered, and Your sister's own letter that first warned us against the Lannisters. Her uncle gave Your a weary smile. Her uncle hope Your are right, Your, Her uncle sighed, in tones that said Your was wrong. The sun was well to the west by the time the slope began to flatten beneath the hooves of them's horses. The road widened and grew straight, and for the first time Your noticed wildflowers and grasses growing. Once them reached the valley floor, the going was faster and them made good time, cantering through verdant greenwoods and sleepy little hamlets, past orchards and golden wheat fields, splashing across a dozen sunlit streams. Her uncle sent a standard-bearer ahead of them, a double banner flying from a standard-bearer's staff; the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn on high, and below the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn Her uncle's own black fish. Farm wagons and merchants' carts and riders from lesser houses moved aside to let them pass. Even so, it was full dark before them reached the stout castle that stood at the foot of the Giant's Lance. Torches flickered atop the stout castle that stood at the foot of the Giant's Lance's ramparts, and the horned moon danced upon the dark waters of the stout castle that stood at the foot of the Giant's Lance's moat.The drawbridge was up and the portcullis down, but Catelyn saw lights burning in the gatehouse and spilling from the windows of the square towers beyond. The Gates of the Moon, Catelyn's uncle said as the party drew rein. her uncle's standard-bearer rode to the edge of the moat to hail the men in the gatehouse. Lord Nestor's seat. Lord Nestor's should be expecting the party. Look up. Catelyn raised Catelyn's eyes, up and up and up. At first all Catelyn saw was stone and trees, the looming mass of the great mountain shrouded in night, as black as a starless sky. Then Catelyn noticed the glow of distant fires well above the party; a tower keep, built upon the steep side of the great mountain, a tower keep, built upon the steep side of the mountain, its lights like orange eyes staring down from above's lights like orange eyes staring down from above. Above a tower keep, built upon the steep side of the mountain, its lights like orange eyes staring down from above was another, higher and more distant, and still higher a third, no more than a flickering spark in the sky. And finally, up where the falcons soared, a flash of white in the moonlight. Vertigo washed over Catelyn as Catelyn stared upward at the pale towers, so far above. The Eyrie, Catelyn heard Marillion murmur, awed. The sharp voice of Tyrion Lannister broke in. The Arryns must not be overfond of company. If you're planning to make the party climb the great mountain in the dark, Tyrion Lannister'd rather you kill Tyrion Lannister here. the party'll spend the night here and make climb on the morrow, Brynden told Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister can scarcely wait, Tyrion Lannister replied. How do the party get up there? Tyrion Lannister've no experience at riding goats. Mules, Brynden said, smiling. There are steps carved into the great mountain, Catelyn said. Ned had told Catelyn about steps carved into the mountain when Ned talked of Ned's youth here with Robert Baratheon and Jon Arryn.Her uncle nodded. It is too dark to see them, but them are there. Too steep and narrow for horses, but mules can manage them most of the way. The path is guarded by three waycastles, Stone and Snow and Sky. mules will take us as far up as Sky. Tyrion Lannister glanced up doubtfully. And beyond that? Her uncle smiled. Beyond that, The path is too steep even for mules. us ascend on foot the rest of the way. Or perchance Tyrion Lannister'd prefer to ride a basket. The Eyrie clings to the mountain directly above Sky, and in The Eyrie's cellars are six great winches with long iron chains to draw supplies up from below. If Tyrion Lannister prefer, Tyrion Lannister, Her uncle can arrange for Tyrion Lannister to ride up with the bread and beer and apples. Tyrion Lannister gave a bark of laughter. Would that Tyrion Lannister were a pumpkin, Tyrion Lannister said. Alas, Her uncle's lord father would no doubt be most chagrined if my lord father's Lannister went to Tyrion Lannister's fate like a load of turnips. If Tyrion Lannister ascend on foot, Her uncle fear Her uncle must do ascend. We Lannisters do have a certain pride. Pride? Her snapped. Tyrion Lannister's mocking tone and easy manner made Her angry. Arrogance, some might call it. Arrogance and avarice and lust for power.My brother is undoubtedly arrogant, Tyrion Lannister replied. My's father is the soul of avarice, and My's sweet sister Cersei lusts for power with every waking breath. My, however, am innocent as a little lamb. Shall My bleat for My? Tyrion Lannister grinned. The drawbridge came creaking down before My could reply, and they heard the sound of oiled chains as the portcullis was drawn up. Men-at-arms carried burning brands out to light they's way, and My's uncle led they across the moat. Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon, was waiting in the yard to greet they, surrounded by Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon,'s knights. My, Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon, said, bowing. Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon, was a massive, barrel-chested man, and bowing was clumsy. My dismounted to stand before Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon,. Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon,, My said. My knew Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon, only by reputation; Bronze Yohn's cousin, from a lesser branch of House Royce, yet still a formidable lord in Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon,'s own right. We have had a long and tiring journey. My would beg the hospitality of Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon,'s roof tonight, if My might. your roof is My, My, Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon, returned gruffly, but My's sister the Lady Lysa has sent down word from the Eyrie. your sister the Lady Lysa wishes to see My at once. The rest of My's party will be housed here and sent up at first light. her uncle swung off her uncle's horse. What madness is this? her uncle said bluntly. her uncle had never been a man to blunt the edge of her uncle's words. A night ascent, with the moon not even full?Even Lysa should know that's an invitation to a broken neck. The mules know the way, Ser Brynden. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years stepped up beside Lord Nestor. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years's dark hair was cropped short and straight around A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years's head, and A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years wore riding leathers and a light shirt of silvered ringmail. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years bowed to Catelyn, more gracefully than Lord Nestor. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years promise Catelyn, Catelyn, no harm will come to Catelyn. It would be A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years's honor to take Catelyn up. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years've made the dark climb a hundred times. Mychel says A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years's father must have been a goat. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years sounded so cocky that Catelyn had to smile. Do A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years have a name, A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years? Mya Stone, if it please Catelyn, Catelyn, A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years said. It did not please A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years; it was an effort for Catelyn to keep the smile on Catelyn's face. Stone was a bastard's name in the Vale, as Snow was in the north, and Flowers in Highgarden; in each of the Seven Kingdoms, custom had fashioned a surname for children born with no names of children born with no names of their own's own. Catelyn had nothing against A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years, but suddenly Catelyn could not help but think of Ned's bastard on the Wall, and the thought made Catelyn angry and guilty, both at once. Catelyn struggled to find words for a reply. Lord Nestor filled the silence. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years's a clever girl, and if A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years vows A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years will bring Catelyn safely to Even Lysa, Lord Nestor believe A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years has not failed Lord Nestor yet. Then Catelyn put Catelyn in A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years's hands, A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years, Catelyn said. Lord Nestor, Catelyn charge Lord Nestor to keep a close guard on Catelyn's prisoner. And Catelyn charge Lord Nestor to bring my prisoner a cup of wine and a nicely crisped capon, before my prisoner dies of hunger, Catelyn said. A girl would be pleasant as well, but Catelyn suppose that's too much to ask of Lord Nestor.The sellsword Bronn laughed aloud. Lord Nestor ignored the banter. As you say, you, so it will be done. Only then did Lord Nestor look at the dwarf. See our lord of Lannister to a tower cell, and bring our lord of Lannister meat and mead. Catelyn took Catelyn's leave of Catelyn's uncle and the others as our lord of Lannister was led off, then followed the bastard girl through the castle. Two mules were waiting in the upper bailey, saddled and ready. the bastard girl helped Catelyn mount one while a guardsman in a sky-blue cloak opened the narrow postern gate. Beyond was dense forest of pine and spruce, and the mountain like a black wall, but the steps were there, chiseled deep into the rock, ascending into the sky. Some people find it easier if Some people close Some people's eyes, the bastard girl said as the bastard girl led Two mules through the narrow postern gate into the dark wood. When Some people get frightened or dizzy, sometimes Some people hold on to the mule too tight. Some people don't like hold. Catelyn was born a Tully and wed to a Stark, Catelyn said. Catelyn do not frighten easily. Do the bastard girl plan to light a torch? the steps were black as pitch. the bastard girl made a face. Torches just blind Catelyn. On a clear night like this, the moon and the stars are enough. Mychel says the bastard girl have the eyes of the owl. the bastard girl mounted and urged one up the first step. one followed of one's own accord. the bastard girl mentioned Mychel before, Catelyn said.The mules set the pace, slow but steady. She was perfectly content with set. Mychel's She's love, She explained. Mychel Mychel's squire to Ser Lyn Corbray. We're to wed as soon as Mychel becomes a knight, next year or the year after. She sounded so like Sansa, so happy and innocent with Sansa, so happy and innocent with her dreams's dreams. She smiled, but smiled was tinged with sadness. The Redforts were an old name in the Vale, She knew, with the blood of the First Men in The Redforts's veins. Mychel's love She might be, but no Redfort would ever wed a bastard. Mychel's family would arrange a more suitable match for Mychel, to a Corbray or a Waynwood or a Royce, or perhaps a daughter of some greater house outside the Vale. If Mychel laid with She at all, laid would be on the wrong side of the sheet. The ascent was easier than She had dared hope. The trees pressed close, leaning over the path to make a rustling green roof that shut out even the moon, so it seemed as though they were moving up a long black tunnel. But The mules were surefooted and tireless, and She did indeed seem blessed with night-eyes. they plodded upward, winding they's way back and forth across the face of the mountain as the steps twisted and turned. A thick layer of fallen needles carpeted the path, so the shoes of they's made only the softest sound on the rock. The quiet soothed She, and the gentle rocking motion set She to swaying in She's saddle. Before long She was fighting sleep. Perhaps She did doze for a moment, for suddenly a massive ironbound gate was looming before they. Stone, She announced cheerily, dismounting. Iron spikes were set along the tops of formidable stone walls, and two fat round towers overtopped the keep. a massive ironbound gate swung open at She's shout.Inside, the portly knight who commanded the waycastle greeted Mya by name and offered them skewers of charred meat and onions still hot from the spit. Catelyn had not realized how hungry Catelyn was. Catelyn ate standing in the yard, as stablehands moved them's saddles to fresh mules. The hot juices ran down Catelyn's chin and dripped onto Catelyn's cloak, but Catelyn was too famished to care. Then it was up onto a new mule and out again into the starlight. The second part of the ascent seemed more treacherous to Catelyn. The trail was steeper, the steps more worn, and here and there littered with pebbles and broken stone. Mya had to dismount a half-dozen times to move fallen rocks from them's path. Catelyn don't want a new mule to break a leg up here, Mya said. Catelyn was forced to agree. Catelyn could feel the altitude more now. The trees were sparser up here, and the wind blew more vigorously, sharp gusts that tugged at Catelyn's clothing and pushed Catelyn's hair into Catelyn's eyes. From time to time the steps doubled back on the steps, and Catelyn could see Stone below the steps, and the Gates of the Moon farther down, the Gates of the Moon's torches no brighter than candles. Snow was smaller than Stone, a single fortified tower and a timber keep and stable hidden behind a low wall of unmortared rock. Yet Snow nestled against the Giant's Lance in such a way as to command the entire stone stair above the waycastle. An enemy intent on the Eyrie would have to fight An enemy intent on the Eyrie's way from Stone step by step, while rocks and arrows rained down from Snow above. the portly knight who commanded the waycastle offered bread and cheese and the chance to warm them before the portly knight who commanded the waycastle's fire, but Mya declined. them ought to keep going, Mya's , Mya said. If it please Catelyn. Catelyn nodded. Again them were given fresh mules. Catelyn was white. Mya smiled when Mya saw him.Whitey's a good one, my lady. Sure of foot, even on ice, but my lady need to be careful. Whitey'll kick if Whitey doesn't like my lady. Whitey seemed to like my lady; there was no kicking, thank the gods. There was no ice either, and my lady was grateful for was as well. my lady's mother says that hundreds of years ago, this was where the snow began, Mya told my lady. It was always white above here, and the ice never melted. Mya shrugged. Mya can't remember ever seeing snow this far down the mountain, but maybe it was that way once, in the olden times. So young, my lady thought, trying to remember if my lady had ever been like that. my lady had lived half my lady's life in summer, and summer was all my lady knew. Winter is coming, my lady, my lady wanted to tell my lady. The words were on my lady's lips; my lady almost said The words. Perhaps my lady was becoming a Stark at last. Above Snow, the wind was a living thing, howling around them like a wolf in the waste, then falling off to nothing as if to lure them into complacency. The stars seemed brighter up here, so close that my lady could almost touch The stars, and the horned moon was huge in the clear black sky. As them climbed, my lady found it was better to look up than down. The steps were cracked and broken from centuries of freeze and thaw and the tread of countless mules, and even in the dark the heights put my lady's heart in my lady's throat. When them came to a high saddle between two spires of rock, Mya dismounted. It's best to lead the mules over, Mya said. the wind can be a little scary here, Mya's . my lady climbed stiffly from the shadows and looked at the path ahead; twenty feet long and close to three feet wide, but with a precipitous drop to either side. my lady could hear the wind shrieking.Mya stepped lightly out, Mya's mule following as calmly as if they were crossing a bailey. It was Mya's turn. Yet no sooner had Mya taken Mya's first step than fear caught Catelyn in fear's jaws. Catelyn could feel the emptiness, the vast black gulfs of air that yawned around Catelyn. Catelyn stopped, trembling, afraid to move. The wind screamed at Catelyn and wrenched at Catelyn's cloak, trying to pull Catelyn over the edge. Catelyn edged Catelyn's foot backward, the most timid of steps, but her mule was behind Catelyn, and Catelyn could not retreat. Catelyn am going to die here, Catelyn thought. Catelyn could feel cold sweat trickling down Catelyn back. Catelyn, Mya called across the emptiness, the vast black gulfs of air that yawned around her. Mya sounded a thousand leagues away. Are Catelyn well? Catelyn swallowed what remained of Catelyn's pride. Catelyn… Catelyn cannot do this, Mya, Catelyn called out. Yes Catelyn can, Mya said. Mya know Catelyn can. Look how wide the path is. Catelyn don't want to look. The world seemed to be spinning around Catelyn, mountain and sky and mules, whirling like a child's top. Catelyn closed Catelyn's eyes to steady Catelyn's ragged breathing. Mya'll come back for Catelyn, Mya said. Don't move, Catelyn. Moving was about the last thing Catelyn was about to do.She listened to the skirling of the wind and the scuffling sound of leather on stone. Then Mya was there, taking She gently by the arm. Keep She's eyes closed if She like. Let go of the rope now, Whitey will take care of Whitey. Very good, She. Mya'll lead She over, it's easy, She'll see. Give Mya a step now. That's it, move She's foot, just slide your foot forward. See. Now another. Easy. Mya could run across. Another one, go on. Yes. And so, foot by foot, step by step, Mya led She across, blind and trembling, while Whitey followed placidly behind them. The waycastle called Sky was no more than a high, crescent-shaped wall of unmortared stone raised against the side of the mountain, but even the topless towers of Valyria could not have looked more beautiful to She. Here at last the snow crown began; The waycastle called Sky's weathered stones were rimed with frost, and long spears of ice hung from the slopes above. Dawn was breaking in the east as Mya hallooed for the guards, and the gates opened before them. Inside the gates there was only a series of ramps and a great tumble of boulders and stones of all sizes. No doubt it would be the easiest thing in the world to begin an avalanche from here. A mouth yawned in the rock face in front of them. The stables and barracks are in there, Mya said.The last part is inside the mountain. It can be a little dark, but at least you're out of the wind. This is as far as the mules can go. Past here, well, it's a sort of chimney, more like a stone ladder than proper steps, but it's not too bad. Another hour and we'll be there. Catelyn looked up. Directly overhead, pale in the dawn light, Catelyn could see the foundations of the Eyrie. the Eyrie could not be more than six hundred feet above we. From below the Eyrie looked like a small white honeycomb. Catelyn remembered what Catelyn's uncle had said of baskets and winches. The Lannisters may have The Lannisters's pride, Catelyn told Mya, but the Tullys are born with better sense. Catelyn have ridden all day and the best part of a night. Tell the mules to lower a basket. Catelyn shall ride with the turnips. The sun was well above the mountains by the time Catelyn finally reached the Eyrie. A stocky, silver-haired man in a sky-blue cloak and hammered moon-and-falcon breastplate helped Catelyn from a basket; Ser Vardis Egen, captain of Jon Arryn's household guard. Beside A stocky, silver-haired man in a sky-blue cloak and hammered moon-and-falcon breastplate stood Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck. Catelyn, A stocky, silver-haired man in a sky-blue cloak and hammered moon-and-falcon breastplate said, the pleasure is as great as the pleasure is unanticipated. Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck bobbed Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck's head in agreement. Indeed the pleasure is, Catelyn, indeed the pleasure is. Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck have sent word to Catelyn's sister. your sister left orders to be awakened the instant Catelyn arrived.I hope she had a good night's rest, I said with a certain bite in I's tone that seemed to go unnoticed. The men escorted I from the winch room up a spiral stair. The Eyrie was a small castle by the standards of the great houses; seven slender white towers bunched as tightly as arrows in a quiver on a shoulder of the great mountain. The Eyrie had no need of stables nor smithys nor kennels, but Ned said The Eyrie's granary was as large as Winterfell's, and The Eyrie's towers could house five hundred men. Yet The Eyrie seemed strangely deserted to I as I passed through The Eyrie, The Eyrie's pale stone halls echoing and empty. she was waiting alone in she's solar, still clad in she's bed robes. she's long auburn hair tumbled unbound across bare white shoulders and down she's back. A maid stood behind she, brushing out the night's tangles, but when I entered, she rose to she's feet, smiling. I, she said. Oh, I, how good it is to see I. she. I ran across her solar and wrapped she in I's arms. How long it has been, she murmured against I. Oh, how very very long. It had been five years, in truth; five cruel years, for she. five cruel years had taken five cruel years's toll. she was two years the younger, yet she looked older now. Shorter than I, she had grown thick of body, pale and puffy of face. she had the blue eyes of the Tullys, but she were pale and watery, never still. she's small mouth had turned petulant. As I held she, I remembered the slender, high-breasted girl who'd waited beside I that day in the sept at Riverrun. How lovely and full of hope the slender, high-breasted girl who'd waited beside her that day in the sept at Riverrun had been.All that remained of her sister's beauty was the great fall of thick auburn hair that cascaded to her sister's's waist. her sister's look well, her lied, but… tired. her's broke the embrace. Tired. Yes. Oh, yes. her sister's seemed to notice the others then; her sister's's maid, Maester Colemon, Ser Vardis. Leave us, her sister's told the others. her sister's wish to speak to her sister's alone. her sister's held her's hand as the others withdrew…  … and dropped Catelyn's hand the instant the door closed. her saw her sister's's face change. It was as if the sun had gone behind a cloud. Have her sister's taken leave of her sister's's senses? her sister's snapped at her. To bring him here, without a word of permission, without so much as a warning, to drag us into her sister's's quarrels with the Lannisters…  your quarrels with the Lannisters her could scarce believe what her was hearing. A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in her sister's's voice. your quarrels with the Lannisters were your quarrels with the Lannisters first, her sister's. It was her sister's who sent her sister's that cursed letter, you who wrote that the Lannisters had murdered her sister's's husband. To warn her sister's, so her sister's could stay away from the Lannisters! her sister's never meant to fight the Lannisters! Gods, her, do her know what her've done?Mother? a small voice said. Mother whirled, Mother's heavy robe swirling around Mother. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, stood in the doorway, clutching a ragged cloth doll and looking at them with large eyes. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, was a painfully thin child, small for Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,'s age and sickly all Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,'s days, and from time to time Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, trembled. The shaking sickness, the maesters called The shaking sickness. I heard voices. Small wonder, Catelyn thought; Mother had almost been shouting. Still, Catelyn's looked daggers at Catelyn. Mother is Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,'s aunt Catelyn, Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,. Mother Do Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, remember? Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, glanced at Catelyn blankly. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, think so, Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, said, blinking, though Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, had been less than a year old the last time Catelyn had seen Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,. Mother seated Mother near the fire and said, Come to Mother, Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,. Mother straightened Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,'s bedclothes and fussed with Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,'s fine brown hair. Isn't Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, beautiful? And strong too, don't Catelyn believe the things Catelyn hear. Jon knew. The seed is strong, Jon told Catelyn. Jon's last words. Jon kept saying Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie,'s name, and Jon grabbed Catelyn's arm so hard Jon left marks.Tell them, the seed is strong. the seed His wanted everyone to know what a good strong boy His's baby was going to be. Lysa, Catelyn said, if Lysa're right about the Lannisters, all the more reason we must act quickly. We—  Not in front of my baby, Lysa said. my baby has a delicate temper, don't Catelyn, Catelyn? my baby is Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, Catelyn reminded Lysa, and these are no times for delicacy. Ned thinks it may come to war. Quiet! Lysa snapped at Catelyn. Catelyn're scaring my baby. my baby took a quick peek over my baby's shoulder at Catelyn and began to tremble. my baby's doll fell to the rushes, and His doll pressed His doll against His doll's . Don't be afraid, His doll, Lysa whispered. Lysa's here, nothing will hurt His doll. Lysa opened Lysa's robe and drew out a pale, heavy breast, tipped with red. His doll grabbed for a pale, heavy breast, tipped with red eagerly, buried His doll's face against Lysa's chest, and began to suck. Lysa stroked His doll's hair. Catelyn was at a loss for words. my baby, Catelyn thought incredulously. Catelyn remembered Catelyn's own baby, three-year-old Rickon, half the age of His doll and five times as fierce. Small wonder the lords of the Vale were restive.For the first time she understood why the king had tried to take the child away from the child's mother to foster with the Lannisters…  We're safe here, Lysa was saying. Whether to Lysa or to the child, she was not sure. Don't be a fool, she said, the anger rising in she. No one is safe. If Lysa think hiding here will make the Lannisters forget Lysa, Lysa are sadly mistaken. Lysa covered Lysa's ear with Lysa's hand. Even if the Lannisters could bring an army through the mountains and past the Bloody Gate, the Eyrie is impregnable. she saw for she. No enemy could ever reach We up here. she wanted to slap Lysa. Uncle Brynden had tried to warn she, she realized. No castle is impregnable. the Eyrie is, Lysa insisted. Everyone says so. The only thing is, what am she to do with this Imp Lysa have brought she? Is he a bad man? the child the Eyrie asked, Lysa's breast popping from the child's mouth, the nipple wet and red. A very bad man, Lysa told the child as Lysa covered Lysa, but Lysa won't let he harm Lysa's . Make the child fly, Robert said eagerly. Lysa stroked Lysa's hair. Perhaps we will, Lysa murmured. Perhaps Make is just what we will do.