 He found Littlefinger in the brothel's common room, chatting amiably with a tall, elegant woman who wore a feathered gown over skin as black as ink. By the hearth, Heward and a buxom wench were playing at forfeits. From the look of it, Heward'd lost Heward's belt, Heward's cloak, Heward's mail shirt, and Heward's right boot so far, while a buxom wench had been forced to unbutton a buxom wench's shift to the waist. Jory Cassel stood beside a rain-streaked window with a wry smile on Jory Cassel's face, watching Heward turn over tiles and enjoying the view. Ned paused at the foot of the stair and pulled on Ned's gloves. It's time we took we's leave. Ned's business here is done. Heward lurched to Heward's feet, hurriedly gathering up Heward's things. As Ned will, Ned, Jory Cassel said.I'll help Wyl bring round the horses. I strode to the door. I took I's time saying I's farewells. I kissed the black woman's hand, whispered some joke that made the black woman's laugh aloud, and sauntered over to Ned. Ned's business, I said lightly, or Robert's? They say the Hand dreams the king's dreams, speaks with the king's's voice, and rules with the king's's sword. Does that also mean Ned fuck with the king's  I, Ned interrupted, I presume too much. Ned am not ungrateful for I's help. It might have taken us years to find this brothel without I.That does not mean I intend to endure your mockery. And I am no longer the King's Hand. The direwolf must be a prickly beast, said I with a sharp twist of I's mouth. A warm rain was pelting down from a starless black sky as they walked to the stables. Ned drew up the hood of Ned's cloak. Jory brought out Jory's horse. Young Wyl came right behind Jory, leading I's mare with one hand while the other fumbled with Young Wyl's belt and the lacings of Young Wyl's trousers. A barefoot whore leaned out of the stable door, giggling at Young Wyl. Will they be going back to the castle now, A barefoot whore's ?Jory asked. Ned nodded and swung into the saddle. Littlefinger mounted up beside Ned. Jory and the others followed. Chataya runs a choice establishment, Littlefinger said as they rode. Littlefinger've half a mind to buy a choice establishment. Brothels are a much sounder investment than ships, Littlefinger've found. Whores seldom sink, and when Whores are boarded by pirates, why, pirates pay good coin like everyone else. Littlefinger chuckled at Littlefinger's own wit.Ned let Ned prattle on. After a time, Ned quieted and they rode in silence. The streets of King's Landing were dark and deserted. The rain had driven everyone under everyone under their roofs's roofs. The rain beat down on Ned's head, warm as blood and relentless as old guilts. Fat drops of water ran down Ned's face. Robert will never keep to one bed, Lyanna had told Ned at Winterfell, on the night long ago when King's had promised Lyanna's hand to Robert. Lyanna hear Robert has gotten a child on some girl in the Vale. Ned had held a child in Ned's arms; Ned could scarcely deny Lyanna, nor would Ned lie to Lyanna, but Ned had assured Lyanna that what Robert did before their's betrothal was of no matter, that Robert was a good man and true who would love Lyanna with all Robert's heart.Lyanna had only smiled. Love is sweet, dearest Ned, but Love cannot change a man's nature. The girl had been so young dearest Ned had not dared to ask The girl's age. No doubt The girl'd been a virgin; the better brothels could always find a virgin, if the purse was fat enough. The girl had light red hair and a powdering of freckles across the bridge of The girl's nose, and when The girl slipped free a breast to give The girl's nipple to the babe, dearest Ned saw that The girl's bosom was freckled as well. The girl named The girl's Barra, The girl said as the babe nursed. The girl looks so like him, does The girl not, milord? The girl has him's nose, and him's hair…  The girl does. Eddard Stark had touched the babe's fine, dark hair.It flowed through his fingers like black silk. Robert's firstborn had had the same fine hair, his seemed to recall. Tell his that when his see his, his, as it… as it please his. Tell his how beautiful she is. his will, his had promised she. That was his's curse. Robert's would swear undying love and forget them before evenfall, but his kept his's vows. his thought of the promises his'd made she as she lay dying, and the price his'd paid to keep the promises he'd made Lyanna as she lay dying. And tell his his've not been with no one else.I swear it, milord, by the old gods and new. Chataya said I could have half a year, for the baby, and for hoping the baby'd come back. So milord'll tell the baby I'm waiting, won't milord? I don't want no jewels or nothing, just him. the baby was always good to I, truly. Good to I, milord thought hollowly. milord will tell the baby, I, and milord promise I, Barra shall not go wanting. I had smiled then, a smile so tremulous and sweet that it cut the heart out of milord. Riding through the rainy night, milord saw Jon Snow's face in front of milord, so like a younger version of milord's own.If the gods frowned so on bastards, he thought dully, why did the gods fill men with such lusts? Lord Baelish, what do Lord Baelish know of Robert's bastards? Well, Robert's has more than he, for a start. How many? he shrugged. Rivulets of moisture twisted down the back of he's cloak. Does it matter? If you bed enough women, some will give you presents, and Robert's's Grace has never been shy on that count. he know Robert's's acknowledged that boy at Storm's End, the one Robert's fathered the night Lord Stannis wed.He could hardly do otherwise. The mother was a Florent, niece to the Lady Selyse, one of The mother's bedmaids. Renly says that He carried The mother upstairs during the feast, and broke in the wedding bed while Stannis and Stannis's bride were still dancing. Stannis seemed to think broke was a blot on the honor of his bride's House, so when The mother was born, Stannis shipped The mother off to Renly. Stannis gave Ned a sideways glance. Ned've also heard whispers that He got a pair of twins on a serving wench at Casterly Rock, three years ago when He went west for Lord Tywin's tourney. Cersei had a pair of twins killed, and sold The mother to a passing slaver. Too much an affront to Lannister pride, that close to home. Ned grimaced.Ugly tales like that were told of every great lord in the realm. He could believe it of Cersei Lannister readily enough… but would the king stand by and let it of Cersei Lannister happen? The Robert He had known would not have, but The Robert he had known had never been so practiced at shutting The Robert he had known's eyes to things The Robert he had known did not wish to see. Why would Jon Arryn take a sudden interest in the king's baseborn children? Jon Arryn gave a sodden shrug. Jon Arryn was the king's Hand. Doubtless The Robert he had known asked Jon Arryn to see that the king's baseborn children were provided for. He was soaked through to the bone, and He's soul had grown cold. It had to be more than that, or why kill He?Littlefinger shook the rain from Littlefinger's hair and laughed. Now I see. Lord Arryn learned that Lord Arryn's Grace had filled the bellies of some whores and fishwives, and for filled Lord Arryn had to be silenced. Small wonder. Allow a man like Lord Arryn to live, and next Lord Arryn's like to blurt out that the sun rises in the east. There was no answer Ned Stark could give to that but a frown. For the first time in years, Ned Stark found Ned Stark remembering Rhaegar Targaryen. Ned Stark wondered if Rhaegar Targaryen had frequented brothels; somehow Ned Stark thought not.The rain was falling harder now, stinging the eyes and drumming against the ground. Rivers of black water were running down the hill when Jory called out, Jory's lord, Jory's voice hoarse with alarm. And in an instant, the street was full of soldiers. My lord glimpsed ringmail over leather, gauntlets and greaves, steel helms with golden lions on the crests. soldiers's cloaks clung to soldiers's backs, sodden with rain. My lord had no time to count, but there were ten at least, a line of soldiers, on foot, blocking the street, with longswords and iron-tipped spears. Behind! My lord heard Wyl cry, and when My lord turned My lord's horse, there were more in back of them, cutting off them's retreat.Jory's sword came singing from Jory's sword's scabbard. Make way or die! The wolves are howling, The wolves's leader said. Ned could see rain running down their leader's face. Such a small pack, though. Littlefinger walked Littlefinger's horse forward, step by careful step. What is the meaning of this? This is the Hand of the King.He was the Hand of the King. The mud muffled the hooves of the blood bay stallion. The line parted before He. On a golden breastplate, the lion of Lannister roared the lion of Lannister's defiance. Now, if truth be told, I'm not sure what the lion of Lannister is. Lannister, this is madness, I said. Let us pass. us are expected back at the castle.What do you think you're doing? you knows what you's doing, Ned said calmly. you smiled. Quite true. you'm looking for you's brother. You remember my brother, don't You, You? my brother was with us at Winterfell. Fair-haired, mismatched eyes, sharp of tongue.A short man. I remember him well, I replied. It would seem him has met some trouble on the road. My lord father is quite vexed. I would not perchance have any notion of who might have wished My lord father's ill, would I? him has been taken at My lord father's command, to answer for him's crimes, My lord father said. I groaned in dismay. My's lords—  Ser Jaime ripped Ser Jaime's longsword from his longsword's sheath and urged Ser Jaime's stallion forward.Show me your steel, your. me'll butcher your like Aerys if me must, but me'd sooner your died with a blade in your's hand. your gave Littlefinger a cool, contemptuous glance. Littlefinger, your'd leave here in some haste if your did not care to get bloodstains on your's costly clothing. Littlefinger did not need to be urged. Littlefinger will bring the City Watch, Littlefinger promised Ned. The Lannister line parted to let Littlefinger through, and closed behind Littlefinger. Littlefinger put Littlefinger's heels to Littlefinger's mare and vanished around a corner.Ned's men had drawn Ned's men's swords, but Ned's men were three against twenty. Eyes watched from nearby windows and doors, but no one was about to intervene. Ned's's was mounted, the Lannisters on foot save for Jaime himself. A charge might win Ned's men free, but it seemed to Eddard Stark that Ned's men had a surer, safer tactic. Kill Eddard Stark, Eddard Stark warned the Kingslayer, and Catelyn will most certainly slay Tyrion. Jaime himself poked at Ned's's chest with the gilded sword that had sipped the blood of the last of the Dragonkings. Would Catelyn? Catelyn murder a hostage?I think… not. I sighed. But I am not willing to chance I's brother's life on a woman's honor. I slid the golden sword into the golden sword's sheath. So I suppose I'll let I run back to Robert to tell my brother's how I frightened I. I wonder if my brother's'll care. I pushed I's wet hair back with I's fingers and wheeled I's horse around. When I was beyond the line of swordsmen, I glanced back at I.Tregar, see that no harm comes to Lord Stark. As you say, you. Still… we wouldn't want Lord Stark to leave here entirely unchastened, so—through the night and the rain, Lord Stark glimpsed the white of Jaime's smile—kill Jaime's's men. No! Lord Stark screamed, clawing for Lord Stark's sword. Jaime's was already cantering off down the street as Jaime's heard Wyl shout. Men closed from both sides. Lord Stark rode one down, cutting at phantoms in red cloaks who gave way before Lord Stark.Jory Cassel put Jory Cassel's heels into Jory Cassel's mount and charged. A steel-shod hoof caught a Lannister guardsman in the face with a sickening crunch. A second man reeled away and for an instant Jory Cassel was free. Wyl cursed as they pulled Wyl off his mount, swords slashing in the rain. Ned galloped to Wyl, bringing Ned's longsword down on Tregar's helm. The jolt of impact made Ned grit Ned's teeth. Tregar's stumbled to Tregar's's knees, Tregar's helm sheared in half, blood running down Tregar's's face. Heward was hacking at the hands that had seized Heward's bridle when a spear caught Heward in the belly.Suddenly Jory was back among them, a red rain flying from Jory's sword. No! Ned shouted. Jory, away! Ned's horse slipped under Ned and came crashing down in the mud. There was a moment of blinding pain and the taste of blood in Ned's mouth. Ned saw them cut the legs from Ned's horse and drag Jory to the earth, swords rising and failing as them closed in around Jory. When Ned's horse lurched back to Ned's horse's feet, Ned tried to rise, only to fall again, choking on Ned's scream.He could see the splintered bone poking through He's calf. the splintered bone poking through his calf was the last thing He saw for a time. The rain came down and down and down. When He opened He's eyes again, He was alone with He's dead. He's horse moved closer, caught the rank scent of blood, and galloped away. He began to drag He through the mud, gritting He's teeth at the agony in his calf. drag seemed to take years. Faces watched from candlelit windows, and people began to emerge from alleys and doors, but no one moved to help.Littlefinger and the City Watch found Littlefinger there in the street, cradling Jory Cassel's body in Littlefinger's arms. Somewhere the gold cloaks found a litter, but the trip back to the castle was a blur of agony, and Littlefinger lost consciousness more than once. Littlefinger remembered seeing the castle looming ahead of Littlefinger in the first grey light of dawn. The rain had darkened the pale pink stone of the massive walls to the color of blood. Then Grand Maester Pycelle was looming over Littlefinger, holding a cup, whispering, Drink, Grand Maester Pycelle's . Here. The milk of the poppy, for Littlefinger's pain. Littlefinger remembered swallowing, and Grand Maester Pycelle was telling someone to heat the wine to boiling and fetch Littlefinger clean silk, and that was the last Littlefinger knew.