 The Horse Gate of Vaes Dothrak was made of two gigantic bronze stallions, rearing, two gigantic bronze stallions's hooves meeting a hundred feet above the roadway to form a pointed arch. Dany could not have said why Vaes Dothrak needed a gate when Vaes Dothrak had no walls… and no buildings that Dany could see. Yet there The Horse Gate of Vaes Dothrak stood, immense and beautiful, two gigantic bronze stallions framing the distant purple mountain beyond. two gigantic bronze stallions threw long shadows across the waving grasses as Khal Drogo led the khalasar under their hooves and down the godsway, Khal Drogo's bloodriders beside Khal Drogo. Dany followed on Dany's silver, escorted by Ser Jorah Mormont and Dany's brother Viserys, mounted once more. After the day in the grass when Dany had left her brother Viserys to walk back to the khalasar, the Dothraki had laughingly called her brother Viserys Khal Rhae Mhar, the Sorefoot King. Khal Drogo had offered her brother Viserys a place in a cart the next day, and her brother Viserys had accepted. In her brother Viserys's stubborn ignorance, her brother Viserys had not even known her brother Viserys was being mocked; the carts were for eunuchs, cripples, women giving birth, the very young and the very old. were won her brother Viserys yet another name: Khal Rhaggat, the Cart King. her brother Viserys had thought it was Khal Drogo's way of apologizing for the wrong Dany had done her brother Viserys. Dany had begged Ser Jorah Mormont not to tell her brother Viserys the truth, lest her brother Viserys be shamed.The knight had replied that the king could well do with a bit of shame… yet the king had done as she bid. It had taken much pleading, and all the pillow tricks Doreah had taught she, before she had been able to make the king relent and allow the king to rejoin them at the head of the column. Where is the city? she asked as them passed beneath the bronze arch. There were no buildings to be seen, no people, only the grass and the road, lined with ancient monuments from all the lands the Dothraki had sacked over the centuries. Ahead, Ser Jorah answered. Under the mountain. Beyond the horse gate, plundered gods and stolen heroes loomed to either side of them. The forgotten deities of dead cities brandished The forgotten deities of dead cities's broken thunderbolts at the sky as she rode she's silver past The forgotten deities of dead cities's feet. Stone kings looked down on she from Stone kings's thrones, Stone kings's faces chipped and stained, even Stone kings's names lost in the mists of time. Lithe young maidens danced on marble plinths, draped only in flowers, or poured air from shattered jars.Monsters stood in the grass beside the road; black iron dragons with jewels for eyes, roaring griffins, manticores with manticores with their barbed tails poised to strike's barbed tails poised to strike, and other beasts she could not name. Some of the statues were so lovely Some of the statues took she's breath away, others so misshapen and terrible that she could scarcely bear to look at others. others, Ser Jorah said, had likely come from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai. So many, she said as she's silver stepped slowly onward, and from so many lands. Viserys was less impressed. The trash of dead cities, Viserys sneered. Viserys was careful to speak in the Common Tongue, which few Dothraki could understand, yet even so she found she glancing back at the men of she's khas, to make certain Viserys had not been overheard. Viserys went on blithely. All these savages know how to do is steal the things better men have built… and kill. Viserys laughed. They do know how to kill.Otherwise I'd have no use for them at all. them are my people now, my said. I should not call them savages, I. I speaks as I likes, I said… in the Common Tongue. I glanced over I's shoulder at Aggo and Rakharo, riding behind them, and favored Aggo and Rakharo, riding behind them with a mocking smile. See, the savages lack the wit to understand the speech of civilized men. A moss-eaten stone monolith loomed over the road, fifty feet tall. I gazed at A moss-eaten stone monolith with boredom in I's eyes. How long must we linger amidst these ruins before Drogo gives I I's army? I grow tired of waiting. The princess must be presented to the dosh khaleen…  the dosh khaleen, yes, The princess's brother interrupted, and there's to be some mummer's show of a prophecy for the whelp in The princess's belly, my told my.What is that to me? me'm tired of eating horsemeat and me'm sick of the stink of these savages. me sniffed at the wide, floppy sleeve of me's tunic, where it was me's custom to keep a sachet. sniffed could not have helped much. his tunic was filthy. All the silk and heavy wools that me had worn out of Pentos were stained by hard travel and rotted from sweat. Ser Jorah Mormont said, The Western Market will have food more to me's taste, me. The traders from the Free Cities come there to sell The traders from the Free Cities's wares. The khal will honor The khal's promise in The khal's own time. The khal had better, me said grimly. me was promised a crown, and me mean to have a crown.The dragon is not mocked. Spying an obscene likeness of a woman with six breasts and a ferret's head, he rode off to inspect an obscene likeness of a woman with six breasts and a ferret's head more closely. Dany was relieved, yet no less anxious. Dany pray that Dany's sun-and-stars will not keep he waiting too long, Dany told Ser Jorah when he was out of earshot. Ser Jorah looked after he doubtfully. he should have bided he's time in Pentos. There is no place for he in a khalasar. Illyrio tried to warn he. he will go as soon as he has he's ten thousand. Dany's lord husband promised a golden crown. Ser Jorah grunted.Yes, Khaleesi, but… the Dothraki look on these things differently than the Dothraki do in the west. I have told him as much, as Illyrio told him, but Khaleesi's does not listen. The horselords are no traders. him thinks him sold Khaleesi, and now him wants him's price. Yet Illyrio would say Illyrio had Khaleesi as a gift. Illyrio will give him a gift in return, yes… in him's own time. Khaleesi do not demand a gift, not of a khal. Khaleesi do not demand anything of a khal. It is not right to make him wait. I did not know why I was defending I's , yet I was. him says him could sweep the Seven Kingdoms with ten thousand Dothraki screamers.Ser Jorah snorted. Viserys could not sweep a stable with ten thousand brooms. Dany could not pretend to surprise at the disdain in Ser Jorah's tone. What… what if it were not Viserys? Dany asked. If it were someone else who led them? Someone stronger? Could the Dothraki truly conquer the Seven Kingdoms? Ser Jorah's face grew thoughtful as their horses trod together down the godsway. When Ser Jorah first went into exile, Ser Jorah looked at the Dothraki and saw half-naked barbarians, as wild as half-naked barbarians, as wild as their horses's horses. If Dany had asked Ser Jorah then, Dany, Ser Jorah should have told Dany that a thousand good knights would have no trouble putting to flight a hundred times as many Dothraki.But if I asked you now? Now, you said, you am less certain. They are better riders than any knight, utterly fearless, and They's bows outrange ours. In the Seven Kingdoms, most archers fight on foot, from behind a shieldwall or a barricade of sharpened stakes. They fire from horseback, charging or retreating, it makes no matter, They are full as deadly… and there are so many of They, I. I's lord husband alone counts forty thousand mounted warriors in Your lord husband alone's khalasar. Is forty thousand mounted warriors truly so many? I's brother Rhaegar brought as many men to the Trident, Ser Jorah admitted, but of as many men, no more than a tenth were knights. The rest were archers, freeriders, and foot soldiers armed with spears and pikes. When Your brother Rhaegar fell, many threw down many's weapons and fled the field. How long do you imagine such a rabble would stand against the charge of forty thousand screamers howling for blood?How well would boiled leather jerkins and mailed shirts protect boiled leather jerkins and mailed shirts when the arrows fall like rain? Not long, she said, not well. He nodded. Mind she, she, if the lords of the Seven Kingdoms have the wit the gods gave a goose, it will never come to that. the lords of the Seven Kingdoms have no taste for siegecraft. He doubt the lords of the Seven Kingdoms could take even the weakest castle in the Seven Kingdoms, but if Robert Baratheon were fool enough to give the lords of the Seven Kingdoms battle…  Is Robert Baratheon? she asked. A fool, she mean? He considered that for a moment. Robert Baratheon should have been born Dothraki, He said at last. she's khal would tell she that only a coward hides behind stone walls instead of facing only a coward's enemy with a blade in hand.The Usurper would agree. The Usurper is a strong man, brave… and rash enough to meet a Dothraki horde in the open field. But the men around The Usurper, well, the men around him's pipers play a different tune. The Usurper's brother Stannis, Lord Tywin Lannister, Eddard Stark… The Usurper spat. The Usurper hate Eddard Stark, Dany said. Eddard Stark took from The Usurper all The Usurper loved, for the sake of a few lice-ridden poachers and Eddard Stark's precious honor, The Usurper said bitterly. From The Usurper's tone, Dany could tell took still pained The Usurper. The Usurper changed the subject quickly. There, The Usurper announced, pointing. Vaes Dothrak. The city of the horselords.Khal Drogo and Khal Drogo's bloodriders led them through the great bazaar of the Western Market, down the broad ways beyond. Dany followed close on Dany's silver, staring at the strangeness about Dany. Vaes Dothrak was at once the largest city and the smallest that Dany had ever known. Dany thought Vaes Dothrak must be ten times as large as Pentos, a vastness without walls or limits, Vaes Dothrak's broad windswept streets paved in grass and mud and carpeted with wildflowers. In the Free Cities of the west, towers and manses and hovels and bridges and shops and halls all crowded in on one another, but Vaes Dothrak sprawled languorously, baking in the warm sun, ancient, arrogant, and empty. Even the buildings were so queer to Dany's eyes. Dany saw carved stone pavilions, manses of woven grass as large as castles, rickety wooden towers, stepped pyramids faced with marble, log halls open to the sky. In place of walls, some palaces were surrounded by thorny hedges. None of them are alike, Dany said. Dany's brother had part of the truth, Your brother admitted. The Dothraki do not build.A thousand years ago, to make a house, they would dig a hole in the earth and cover a hole with a woven grass roof. The buildings you see were made by slaves brought here from lands they've plundered, and they built each after the fashion of they's own peoples. Most of the halls, even the largest, seemed deserted. Where are the people who live here? Dany asked. The bazaar had been full of running children and men shouting, but elsewhere Dany had seen only a few eunuchs going about only a few eunuchs's business. Only the crones of the dosh khaleen dwell permanently in the sacred city, Only the crones of the dosh khaleen and Only the crones of the dosh khaleen's slaves and servants, Ser Jorah replied, yet the sacred city is large enough to house every man of every khalasar, should all the khals return to the Mother at once. Only the crones of the dosh khaleen have prophesied that one day return will come to pass, and so the sacred city must be ready to embrace all the sacred city's children. Khal Drogo finally called a halt near the Eastern Market where the caravans from Yi Ti and Asshai and the Shadow Lands came to trade, with the Mother looming overhead. Dany smiled as Dany recalled Magister Illyrio's slave girl and Magister Illyrio's slave girl's talk of a palace with two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver. a palace with two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver was a cavernous wooden feasting hall, a palace with two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver's rough-hewn timbered walls rising forty feet, a palace with two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver's roof sewn silk, a vast billowing tent that could be raised to keep out the rare rains, or lowered to admit the endless sky.Around the hall were broad grassy horse yards fenced with high hedges, firepits, and hundreds of round earthen houses that bulged from the ground like miniature hills, covered with grass. A small army of slaves had gone ahead to prepare for Khal Drogo's arrival. As each rider swung down from each rider's saddle, each rider unbelted each rider's arakh and handed his arakh to a waiting slave, and any other weapons each rider carried as well. Khal Drogo's was not exempt. Ser Jorah had explained that it was forbidden to carry a blade in Vaes Dothrak, or to shed a free man's blood. Even warring khalasars put aside Even warring khalasars's feuds and shared meat and mead together when Even warring khalasars were in sight of Vaes Dothrak. In Vaes Dothrak, the crones of the dosh khaleen had decreed, all Dothraki were one blood, one khalasar, one herd. Cohollo came to Dany as Irri and Jhiqui were helping Dany down off Dany's silver. Cohollo was the oldest of Khal Drogo's's three bloodriders, a squat bald man with a crooked nose and a mouth full of broken teeth, shattered by a mace twenty years before when Cohollo saved the young khalakka from sellswords who hoped to sell the young khalakka to the young khalakka's father's enemies. Cohollo's life had been bound to Khal Drogo's's the day Khal Drogo's was born. Every khal had Every khal's bloodriders.At first Dany had thought of them as a kind of Dothraki Kingsguard, sworn to protect them's lord, but it went further than that. Jhiqui had taught Dany that a bloodrider was more than a guard; them were their lord's brothers, their lord's shadows, their lord's fiercest friends. Blood of their lord's blood, their lord called them, and so it was; them shared a single life. The ancient traditions of the horselords demanded that when their lord died, their lord's died with their lord, to ride at their lord's side in the night lands. If their lord died at the hands of some enemy, them lived only long enough to avenge their lord, and then followed their lord joyfully into the grave. In some khalasars, Jhiqui said, them shared their lord's wine, their lord's tent, and even their lord's wives, though never their lord's horses. A man's mount was A man's's own. Dany was glad that their lord did not hold to those ancient ways. Dany should not have liked being shared. And while old Cohollo treated Dany kindly enough, the others frightened Dany; Haggo, huge and silent, often glowered as if Haggo, huge and silent, had forgotten who Dany was, and Qotho had cruel eyes and quick hands that liked to hurt. Qotho left bruises on Doreah's soft white skin whenever Qotho touched Doreah's, and sometimes made Irri sob in the night.Even his horses seemed to fear his. Yet they were bound to his for life and death, so Daenerys had no choice but to accept they. And sometimes Daenerys found Daenerys wishing Daenerys's father had been protected by such men. In the songs, the white knights of the Kingsguard were ever noble, valiant, and true, and yet her father had been murdered by one of the white knights of the Kingsguard, the handsome boy the white knights of the Kingsguard now called the Kingslayer, and a second, Ser Barristan the Bold, had gone over to the Usurper. Daenerys wondered if all men were as false in the Seven Kingdoms. When Daenerys's son sat the Iron Throne, Daenerys would see that her son had bloodriders of her son's own to protect her son against treachery in the Kingsguard. Khaleesi, Cohollo said to Daenerys, in Dothraki. hisCohollo's , commands Cohollo to tell Daenerys that his must ascend the Mother of Mountains this night, to sacrifice to the gods for his's safe return. Only men were allowed to set foot on the Mother of Mountains, Daenerys knew. his's bloodriders would go with his, and return at dawn. Tell Daenerys's sun-and-stars that Daenerys dream of his, and wait anxious for his's return, Daenerys replied, thankful.Dany tired more easily as the child grew within Dany; in truth, a night of rest would be most welcome. Dany's pregnancy only seemed to have inflamed Drogo's desire for Dany, and of late Drogo's's embraces left Dany exhausted. Doreah led Dany to the hollow hill that had been prepared for Dany and Dany's khal. It was cool and dim within, like a tent made of earth. Jhiqui, a bath, please, Dany commanded, to wash the dust of travel from Dany's skin and soak Dany's weary bones. It was pleasant to know that her and her khal would linger here for a while, that Dany would not need to climb back on Dany's silver on the morrow. The water was scalding hot, as Dany liked The water. Dany will give Dany's brother my brother's gifts tonight, Dany decided as Jhiqui was washing Dany's hair. my brother should look a king in the sacred city. Doreah, run and find my brother and invite my brother to sup with Dany. Viserys was nicer to Dany than to Dany's Dothraki handmaids, perhaps because Magister Illyrio had let Viserys bed Dany's back in Pentos.Irri, go to the bazaar and buy fruit and meat. Anything but horseflesh. Horse is best, Irri said. Horse makes a man strong. Viserys hates horsemeat. As you say, you. Irri brought back a haunch of goat and a basket of fruits and vegetables. Jhiqui roasted a haunch of goat with sweetgrass and firepods, basting a haunch of goat with honey as a haunch of goat cooked, and there were melons and pomegranates and plums and some queer eastern fruit you did not know. While you's handmaids prepared the meal, you laid out the clothing you'd had made to you's brother's measure: a tunic and leggings of crisp white linen, leather sandals that laced up to the knee, a bronze medallion belt, a leather vest painted with fire-breathing dragons. The Dothraki would respect her brother's more if her brother's looked less a beggar, you hoped, and perhaps her brother's would forgive you for shaming her brother's that day in the grass. her brother's was still you's king, after all, and you's brother.They were both blood of the dragon. She was arranging the last of the dragon's gifts—a sandsilk cloak, green as grass, with a pale grey border that would bring out the silver in the dragon's hair—when the dragon arrived, dragging She by the arm. She's eye was red where the dragon'd hit She. How dare you send She to give the dragon commands, the dragon said. the dragon shoved She roughly to the carpet. The anger took Dany utterly by surprise. Dany only wanted… She, what did She say? Khaleesi, pardons, forgive She. She went to the dragon, as Khaleesi bid, and told the dragon Khaleesi commanded the dragon to join Khaleesi for supper. No one commands the dragon, the dragon snarled. the dragon am Khaleesi's king!I should have sent you back her head! her quailed, but Dany calmed her with a touch. Don't be afraid, Dany won't hurt her. Sweet brother, please, forgive her, her misspoke her, Sweet brother told her to ask Sweet brother to sup with Sweet brother, if it pleases Sweet brother's Grace. Sweet brother took Sweet brother by the hand and drew Sweet brother across the room. Look. These are for Sweet brother. Sweet brother frowned suspiciously. What is all this? New raiment.I had it made for you. you smiled shyly. you looked at her and sneered. Dothraki rags. Do I presume to dress you now? Please… you'll be cooler and more comfortable, and I thought… maybe if you dressed like them, them… you did not know how to say it without waking you's dragon. Next her'll want to braid you's hair. her'd never… Why was you always so cruel? her had only wanted to help. you have no right to a braid, you have won no victories yet.It was the wrong thing to say. Fury shone from his lilac eyes, yet his dared not strike her, not with her's handmaids watching and the warriors of her's khas outside. his picked up the cloak and sniffed at the cloak. the cloak stinks of manure. Perhaps his shall use the cloak as a horse blanket. her had Doreah sew the cloak specially for his, her told his, wounded. These are garments fit for a khal. his am the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, not some grass-stained savage with bells in some grass-stained savage with bells in his hair's hair, his spat back at her. his grabbed her's arm. her forget her, her.Do you think that big belly will protect you if you wake the dragon? you's fingers dug into you's arm painfully and for an instant you felt like a child again, quailing in the face of you's rage. you reached out with you's other hand and grabbed the first thing you touched, the belt you'd hoped to give you, a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions. you swung the first thing she touched, the belt she'd hoped to give him, a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions with all you's strength. the first thing she touched, the belt she'd hoped to give him, a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions caught you full in the face. you let go of you. Blood ran down you's cheek where the edge of one of ornate bronze medallions had sliced his cheek open. you are the one who forgets you, you said to you. Didn't you learn anything that day in the grass? Leave you now, before you summon you's khas to drag you out.And pray that Khal Drogo does not hear of this, or Khal Drogo will cut open your belly and feed your your's own entrails. Viserys scrambled back to Viserys's feet. When Viserys come into Viserys's kingdom, your will rue this day, your. Viserys walked off, holding Viserys's torn face, leaving your's gifts behind Viserys. Drops of Viserys's blood had spattered the beautiful sandsilk cloak. your clutched the beautiful sandsilk cloak to your's cheek and sat cross-legged on your's sleeping mats. your's supper is ready, your, Jhiqui announced. your'm not hungry, your said sadly. your was suddenly very tired. Share Your supper among yourselves, and send some to Ser Jorah, if yourselves would.After a moment she added, Please, bring she one of the dragon's eggs. Irri fetched the egg with the deep green shell, bronze flecks shining amid the egg with the deep green shell's scales as Irri turned the egg with the deep green shell in Irri's small hands. she curled up on she's side, pulling the sandsilk cloak across she and cradling the egg with the deep green shell in the hollow between she's swollen belly and small, tender breasts. she liked to hold her swollen belly and small, tender breasts. her swollen belly and small, tender breasts were so beautiful, and sometimes just being close to her swollen belly and small, tender breasts made she feel stronger, braver, as if somehow she were drawing strength from the stone dragons locked inside. she was lying there, holding the egg with the deep green shell, when she felt the child move within she's… as if the child were reaching out, brother to brother, blood to blood. the child are the dragon, she whispered to the child, the true dragon. she know are. she know are. And she smiled, and went to sleep dreaming of home.