 Grey Wind was restless too, Robb said. Robb's auburn hair had grown shaggy and unkempt, and a reddish stubble covered Robb's jaw, making Robb look older than Robb's fifteen years. Sometimes Robb think they know things… sense things… Robb sighed. Robb never know how much to tell Robb, Robb. Robb wish Robb were older. Robb'm eight now! Robb said. Eight isn't so much younger than fifteen, and Robb'm the heir to Winterfell, after Robb. So Robb are. Robb sounded sad, and even a little scared. Robb, Robb need to tell Robb something. There was a bird last night. From King's Landing. Maester Luwin woke Robb. Robb felt a sudden dread. Dark wings, dark words, Old Nan always said, and of late the messenger ravens had been proving the truth of the proverb.When Robb wrote to the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, the bird that came back brought word that Uncle Benjen was still missing. Then a message had arrived from the Eyrie, from Mother, but a message had not been good news either. Mother did not say when Mother meant to return, only that Mother had taken the Imp as prisoner. Bran had sort of liked the Imp, yet the name Lannister sent cold fingers creeping up Bran's spine. There was something about the Lannisters, something Bran ought to remember, but when Bran tried to think what, Bran felt dizzy and Bran's stomach clenched hard as a stone. Robb spent most of that day locked behind closed doors with Maester Luwin, Theon Greyjoy, and Hallis Mollen. Afterward, riders were sent out on fast horses, carrying Robb's commands throughout the north. Bran heard talk of Moat Cailin, the ancient stronghold the First Men had built at the top of the Neck. No one ever told Bran what was happening, yet Bran knew happening was not good. And now another raven, another message. Bran clung to hope. Was another raven from Mother? Is Mother coming home? another message was from Alyn in King's Landing. Jory Cassel is dead. And Wyl and Heward as well.Murdered by the Kingslayer. Robb lifted Robb's face to the snow, and the flakes melted on Robb's cheeks. May the gods give them rest. Bran did not know what to say. Bran felt as if Bran'd been punched. Jory had been captain of the household guard at Winterfell since before Bran was born. They killed Jory? Bran remembered all the times Jory had chased Bran over the roofs. Bran could picture Jory striding across the yard in mail and plate, or sitting at Jory's accustomed place on the bench in the Great Hall, joking as Jory ate. Why would anyone kill Jory? Robb shook Robb's head numbly, the pain plain in Robb's eyes. Robb don't know, and… Bran, that's not the worst of it. Father was caught beneath a falling horse in the fight. Alyn says Father's leg was shattered, and… Maester Pycelle has given Father the milk of the poppy, but they aren't sure when… when Father… The sound of hoofbeats made Robb glance down the road, to where Theon and the others were coming up. When Father will wake, Robb finished. Robb laid Robb's hand on the pommel of Robb's sword then, and went on in the solemn voice of Robb.Bran, I promise Bran, whatever might happen, I will not let this be forgotten. Something in I's tone made Bran even more fearful. What will I do? Bran asked as Theon Greyjoy reined in beside them. Theon Greyjoy thinks I should call the banners, I said. Blood for blood. For once Theon Greyjoy did not smile. Theon Greyjoy's lean, dark face had a hungry look to His lean, dark face, and black hair fell down across Theon Greyjoy's eyes. Only the lord can call the banners, Bran said as the snow drifted down around them. If Bran's father dies, Theon Greyjoy said, I will be Lord of Winterfell. I won't die! Bran screamed at I. I took Bran's hand. I won't die, not Father, I said calmly. Still… the honor of the north is in I's hands now. When your father took your father's leave of our, your father told I to be strong for Bran and for Rickon.I'm almost a man grown, Bran. Bran shivered. Bran wish Mother was back, Bran said miserably. Bran looked around for Maester Luwin; Maester Luwin's donkey was visible in the far distance, trotting over a rise. Does Maester Luwin say to call the banners too? Maester Luwin is timid as an old woman, said Theon. Father always listened to Maester Luwin's counsel, Bran reminded I. Mother too. I listen to Father, I insisted. I listen to everyone. The joy Bran had felt at the ride was gone, melted away like the snowflakes on Bran's face. Not so long ago, the thought of I calling the banners and riding off to war would have filled Bran with excitement, but now Bran felt only dread. Can we go back now? Bran asked. Bran'm cold. I glanced around.We need to find the wolves. Can you stand to go a bit longer? you can go as long as you can. Maester Luwin had warned you to keep the ride short, for fear of saddle sores, but you would not admit to weakness in front of you. you was sick of the way everyone was always fussing over you and asking how you was. LetWe hunt down the wolves, then, you said. Side by side, We urged We's mounts off the kingsroad and struck out into the wolfswood. Theon dropped back and followed well behind We, talking and joking with the guardsmen. It was nice under the trees. you kept Dancer to a walk, holding the reins lightly and looking all around you as We went. you knew the wolfswood, but you had been so long confined to Winterfell that you felt as though you were seeing the wolfswood for the first time. The smells filled you's nostrils; the sharp fresh tang of pine needles, the earthy odor of wet rotting leaves, the hints of animal musk and distant cooking fires. you caught a glimpse of a black squirrel moving through the snow-covered branches of an oak, and paused to study the silvery web of an empress spider. Theon and the others fell farther and farther behind, until you could no longer hear Theon and the others's voices. From ahead came the faint sound of rushing waters. the faint sound of rushing waters grew louder until We reached the stream.Tears stung his eyes. his? Robb asked. What's wrong? his shook his's head. his was just remembering, his said. Jory brought us here once, to fish for trout. You and his and Jon. Do Robb remember? Robb remember, Robb said, Robb's voice quiet and sad. his didn't catch anything, his said, but Jon gave his Jon's fish on the way back to Winterfell. Will us ever see Jon again? us saw Uncle Benjen when the king came to visit, Robb pointed out. Jon will visit too, Robb'll see. The stream was running high and fast. Robb dismounted and led Robb's gelding across the ford.In the deepest part of the crossing, the water came up to midthigh. He tied He's horse to a tree on the far side, and waded back across for Bran and Dancer. The current foamed around rock and root, and Bran could feel the spray on Bran's face as He led Bran over. the spray made Bran smile. For a moment Bran felt strong again, and whole. Bran looked up at the trees and dreamed of climbing the trees, right up to the very top, with the whole forest spread out beneath Bran. Bran and Dancer were on the far side when Bran and Dancer heard the howl, a long rising wail that moved through the trees like a cold wind. Bran raised Bran's head to listen. Summer, Bran said. No sooner had Bran spoken than a second voice joined the first. They've made a kill, He said as He remounted. He'd best go and bring They back. Wait here, Theon and the others should be along shortly. Bran want to go with He, Bran said. Bran'll find Theon and the others faster by Bran. He spurred his horse and vanished into the trees.Once he was gone, the woods seemed to close in around Bran. The snow was falling more heavily now. Where The snow touched the ground The snow melted, but all about Bran rock and root and branch wore a thin blanket of white. As Bran waited, Bran was conscious of how uncomfortable Bran felt. Bran could not feel Bran's legs, hanging useless in the stirrups, but the strap around Bran's chest was tight and chafing, and the melting snow had soaked through Bran's gloves to chill Bran's hands. Bran wondered what was keeping Theon and Maester Luwin and Joseth and the rest. When Bran heard the rustle of leaves, Bran used the reins to make Dancer turn, expecting to see Bran's friends, but the ragged men who stepped out onto the bank of the stream were strangers. Good day to the ragged men who stepped out onto the bank of the stream, Bran said nervously. One look, and Bran knew the ragged men who stepped out onto the bank of the stream were neither foresters nor farmers. Bran was suddenly conscious of how richly Bran was dressed. Bran's surcoat was new, dark grey wool with silver buttons, and a heavy silver pin fastened Bran's fur-trimmed cloak at the shoulders. Bran's boots and gloves were lined with fur as well. All alone, are Bran? said the biggest of the ragged men who stepped out onto the bank of the stream, a bald man with a raw windburnt face. Lost in the wolfswood, Bran. Bran'm not lost.Bran did not like the way the strangers were looking at Bran. Bran counted four, but when Bran turned Bran's head, Bran saw two others behind Bran. Bran's brother rode off just a moment ago, and Bran's guard will be here shortly. my guard, is it? a second man said. Grey stubble covered a second man's gaunt face. And what would my guard be guarding, Bran? Is that a silver pin Bran see there on Bran's cloak? Pretty, said a woman's voice. a woman's scarcely looked like a woman; tall and lean, with the same hard face as the others, a woman's's hair hidden beneath a bowl-shaped halfhelm. The spear a woman's held was eight feet of black oak, tipped in rusted steel. Let's have a look, said the big bald man. Bran watched the big bald man anxiously. the big bald man's clothes were filthy, fallen almost to pieces, patched here with brown and here with blue and there with a dark green, and faded everywhere to grey, but once your cloak might have been black. a second man wore black rags too, Bran saw with a sudden start. Suddenly Bran remembered the oathbreaker Bran's father had beheaded, the day they had found the wolf pups; the oathbreaker his father had beheaded, the day they had found the wolf pups had worn black as well, and his father said the oathbreaker his father had beheaded, the day they had found the wolf pups had been a deserter from the Night's Watch.No man is more dangerous, he remembered Lord Eddard saying. The deserter knows The deserter's life is forfeit if The deserter is taken, so The deserter will not flinch from any crime, no matter how vile or cruel. The pin, he, the big man said. the big man held out the big man's hand. We'll take the horse too, said another of We, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair. Get down, and be quick about it. A knife slid from another of them, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair's sleeve into another of them, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair's hand, A knife's edge jagged as a saw. No, he blurted. he can't…  the big man grabbed the big man's reins before he could think to wheel the horse around and gallop off. he can, he… and will, if he know what's good for he. Stiv, look how he's strapped on. another of them, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair pointed with another of them, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair's spear. Might be it's the truth he's telling. Straps, is it? Stiv said. Stiv drew a dagger from a sheath at Stiv's belt.There's ways to deal with straps. You some kind of cripple? asked the short woman. You flared. You'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell, and you better let go of You's horse, or You'll see you dead. The gaunt man with the grey stubbled face laughed. You's a Stark, true enough. Only a Stark would be fool enough to threaten where smarter men would beg. Cut You's little cock off and stuff his little cock in You's mouth, suggested the short woman. Cut should shut You up. the short woman're as stupid as the short woman are ugly, the short woman, said the tall woman. You's worth nothing dead, but alive… gods be damned, think what Mance would give to have Benjen Stark's own blood to hostage! Mance be damned, the big man cursed. You want to go back there, You? More fool You. Think the white walkers will care if You have a hostage?He turned back to Bran and slashed at the strap around Bran's thigh. the strap around his thigh parted with a sigh. slashed had been quick and careless, biting deep. Looking down, Bran glimpsed pale flesh where the wool of Bran's leggings had parted. Then the blood began to flow. Bran watched the blood spread, feeling light-headed, curiously apart; there had been no pain, not even a hint of feeling. He grunted in surprise. Put down Bran's steel now, and I promise Bran shall have a quick and painless death, I called out. Bran looked up in desperate hope, and there I was. The strength of the words were undercut by the way I's voice cracked with strain. I was mounted, the bloody carcass of an elk slung across the back of I's horse, I's sword in a gloved hand. The brother, said the man with the grey stubbly face. I's a fierce one, I is, mocked the short woman. the short woman, they called the short woman. I mean to fight us, I? Don't be a fool, I.You're one against six. The tall woman, Osha, leveled The tall woman, Osha,'s spear. Off the horse, and throw down the sword. We'll thank you kindly for the horse and for the venison, and you and you's brother can be on you's way. Robb whistled. you and your brother heard the faint sound of soft feet on wet leaves. The undergrowth parted, low-hanging branches giving up low-hanging branches's accumulation of snow, and Grey Wind and Summer emerged from the green. Summer sniffed the air and growled. Wolves, gasped Hali. Direwolves, Bran said. Still half-grown, Wolves were as large as any wolf Bran had ever seen, but the differences were easy to spot, if you knew what to look for. Maester Luwin and Farlen the kennelmaster had taught Bran. A direwolf had a bigger head and longer legs in proportion to A direwolf's body, and A direwolf's snout and jaw were markedly leaner and more pronounced. There was something gaunt and terrible about Wolves as Wolves stood there amid the gently falling snow. Fresh blood spotted Grey Wind's muzzle. Dogs, the big bald man said contemptuously.Yet I'm told there's nothing like a wolfskin cloak to warm a man by night. I made a sharp gesture. Take them. Robb shouted, Winterfell! and kicked Robb's horse. his horse plunged down the bank as the ragged men closed. A man with an axe rushed in, shouting and heedless. Robb's sword caught A man with an axe full in the face with a sickening crunch and a spray of bright blood. A man with an axe made a grab for them, and for half a second A man with an axe had them… and then Grey Wind was on A man with an axe, bearing A man with an axe down. A man with an axe fell back into the stream with a splash and a shout, flailing wildly with A man with an axe's knife as A man with an axe's head went under. The direwolf plunged in after A man with an axe, and the white water turned red where they had vanished. Robb and Osha matched blows in midstream. Osha's long spear was a steel-headed serpent, flashing out at Robb's chest, once, twice, three times, but Robb parried every thrust with Robb's longsword, turning the point aside. On the fourth or fifth thrust, Osha overextended Osha and lost Osha's balance, just for a second. Robb charged, riding Osha down. A few feet away, Summer darted in and snapped at Hali.The knife bit at his flank. Summer slid away, snarling, and came rushing in again. This time Summer's jaws closed around her calf. Holding The knife with both hands, her stabbed down, but Summer seemed to sense The knife coming. Summer pulled free for an instant, Summer's mouth full of leather and cloth and bloody flesh. When her stumbled and fell, Summer came at her again, slamming her's backward, teeth tearing at her's belly. The sixth man ran from the carnage… but not far. As The sixth man went scrambling up the far side of the bank, Grey Wind emerged from the stream, dripping wet. The sixth man shook the water off and bounded after the running man, hamstringing the running man with a single snap of The sixth man's teeth, and going for the throat as the running man slid back down toward the stream. And then there was no one left but the big man, Stiv. the big man, Stiv slashed at Bran's chest strap, grabbed Bran's's arm, and yanked. Suddenly Bran's was falling. Bran's sprawled on the ground, Bran's's legs tangled under Bran's, one foot in the stream. Bran's could not feel the cold of the stream, but Bran's felt the steel when the big man, Stiv pressed the big man, Stiv's dagger to Bran's's throat. Back away, the big man, Stiv warned, or the big man, Stiv'll open Bran's's windpipe, the big man, Stiv swear it.Robb reined Robb's horse in, breathing hard. The fury went out of Robb's eyes, and Robb's sword arm dropped. In that moment Bran saw everything. Summer was savaging Hali, pulling glistening blue snakes from Hali's belly. Hali's eyes were wide and staring. Bran could not tell whether Hali was alive or dead. The grey stubbly man and the one with the axe lay unmoving, but Osha was on Osha's knees, crawling toward Osha's fallen spear. Grey Wind padded toward Osha, dripping wet. Call Robb off! Robb shouted. Call them both off, or the cripple boy dies now! Grey Wind, Summer, to Robb, Robb said. The direwolves stopped, turned The direwolves's heads. Grey Wind loped back to Robb. Summer stayed where Summer was, Summer's eyes on Bran and the man beside Summer.He growled. He's muzzle was wet and red, but He's eyes burned. Osha used the butt end of Osha's spear to lever Osha back to Osha's feet. Blood leaked from a wound on the upper arm where Robb had cut Osha. Bran could see sweat trickling down the big man's face. the big man's was as scared as the big man's was, Bran realized. Starks, the big man's muttered, Starks. the big man's raised the big man's's voice. Osha, kill the wolves and get the big man's's sword. Kill the wolves Osha, Osha replied. Osha'll not be getting near the wolves. For a moment the big man's was at a loss. the big man's's hand trembled; Bran felt a trickle of blood where the knife pressed against the big man's's neck. The stench of the big man's filled the big man's's nose; the big man's smelled of fear. Robb, the big man's called out to Robb.You have a name? You am Robb Stark, the heir to Winterfell. This is You's brother? Yes. You want This alive, You do what You say. Off the horse. You hesitated a moment. Then, slowly and deliberately, You dismounted and stood with You's sword in hand. Now kill the wolves. You did not move. You do kill. the wolves or This. No! Bran screamed. If You did as they asked, Stiv would kill the wolves anyway, once the wolves were dead.The bald man took hold of his hair with The bald man's free hand and twisted his hair cruelly, till his sobbed in pain. his shut his's mouth, his, his hear The bald man? The bald man twisted harder. his hear The bald man? A low thrum came from the woods behind them. Stiv gave a choked gasp as a half foot of razor-tipped broadhead suddenly exploded out of Stiv's chest. a half foot of razor-tipped broadhead was bright red, as if a half foot of razor-tipped broadhead had been painted in blood. The dagger fell away from his's throat. Stiv swayed and collapsed, facedown in the stream. a half foot of razor-tipped broadhead broke beneath Stiv. his watched Stiv's life go swirling off in the stream. Osha glanced around as Father's guardsmen appeared from beneath the trees, steel in hand. Osha threw down Osha's spear. Mercy, m'lord, Osha called to Robb. Father's guardsmen had a strange, pale look to Father's guardsmen's faces as Father's guardsmen took in the scene of slaughter.They eyed the wolves uncertainly, and when Summer returned to Hali's corpse to feed, Joseth dropped Joseth's knife and scrambled for the bush, heaving. Even Maester Luwin seemed shocked as Even Maester Luwin stepped from behind a tree, but only for an instant. Then Even Maester Luwin shook Even Maester Luwin's head and waded across the stream to Bran's side. Are Bran's hurt? Joseth cut Bran's's leg, Bran's said, but Bran's couldn't feel cut. As Even Maester Luwin knelt to examine cut, Bran's turned Bran's's head. Theon Greyjoy stood beside a sentinel tree, Theon Greyjoy's bow in hand. Theon Greyjoy was smiling. Ever smiling. A half-dozen arrows were thrust into the soft ground at Theon Greyjoy's feet, but it had taken only one. A dead enemy is a thing of beauty, Theon Greyjoy announced. Jon always said Theon Greyjoy were an ass, Theon Greyjoy, Robb said loudly. Robb ought to chain Theon Greyjoy up in the yard and let Bran's take a few practice shots at Theon Greyjoy. Theon Greyjoy should be thanking Robb for saving Jon's life. What if Theon Greyjoy had missed the shot?Robb said. What if you'd only wounded him? What if you had made him's hand jump, or hit Bran instead? For all you knew, him might have been wearing a breastplate, all you could see was the back of him's cloak. What would have happened to Robb's brother then? Did you ever think of happened, you? you's smile was gone. you gave a sullen shrug and began to pull you's arrows from the ground, one by one. Robb glared at Robb's guardsmen. Where were his guardsmen? Robb demanded of his guardsmen. Robb was sure his guardsmen were close behind us. his guardsmen traded unhappy glances. his guardsmen were following, Robb, said Quent, the youngest of his guardsmen, Quent, the youngest of them, his beard a soft brown fuzz's beard a soft brown fuzz. Only first his guardsmen waited for Maester Luwin and Maester Luwin's ass, begging Robb's pardons, and then, well, as it were… Quent, the youngest of them, his beard a soft brown fuzz glanced over at you and quickly looked away, abashed.I spied a turkey, I said, annoyed by the question. How was I to know that you'd leave the boy alone? you turned you's head to look at I once more. Bran had never seen you so angry, yet you said nothing. Finally you knelt beside Maester Luwin. How badly is you's brother wounded? No more than a scratch, Maester Luwin said. Maester Luwin wet a cloth in the stream to clean the cut. Two of them wear the black, Maester Luwin told you as Maester Luwin worked. you glanced over at where Stiv lay sprawled in the stream, Stiv's ragged black cloak moving fitfully as the rushing waters tugged at his ragged black cloak. Deserters from the Night's Watch, you said grimly. Two of them must have been fools, to come so close to Winterfell. Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart, said Maester Luwin. Shall we bury Two of them, you? asked Quent.They would not have buried us, Robb said. Hack off They's heads, us'll send They back to the Wall. Leave the rest for the carrion crows. And this one? Quent jerked a thumb toward Osha. Robb walked over to Osha. Osha was a head taller than Robb was, but Osha dropped to Osha's knees at Robb's approach. Give Osha Osha's life, m'lord of Stark, and Osha am Robb's. Mine? What would Robb do with an oathbreaker? Robb broke no oaths. Stiv and Wallen flew down off the Wall, not Robb. the carrion crows got no place for women. Theon Greyjoy sauntered closer. Give Osha to the carrion crows, Theon Greyjoy urged Robb.The woman's eyes went to what was left of Hali, and just as quickly away. The woman's shuddered. Even the guardsmen looked queasy. The woman's's a woman, Robb said. A wildling, Bran told Robb. The woman's said they should keep Bran alive so they could take Bran to Mance Rayder. Do The woman's have a name? Robb asked The woman's. Osha, as it please the lord, The woman's muttered sourly. Maester Luwin stood. We might do well to question The woman's. Bran could see the relief on Bran's face. As Maester Luwin say, Maester Luwin. Wayn, bind The woman's's hands. The woman's'll come back to Winterfell with We… and live or die by the truths The woman's gives We.