 You want eat? Mord asked, glowering. Mord had a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand. You was starved, but You refused to let Mord see You cringe. A leg of lamb would be pleasant, You said, from the heap of soiled straw in the corner of You's cell. Perhaps a dish of peas and onions, some fresh baked bread with butter, and a flagon of mulled wine to wash it down. Or beer, if that's easier. You try not to be overly particular. Is beans, Mord said. Here. Mord held out a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand. You sighed. Mord was twenty stone of gross stupidity, with brown rotting teeth and small dark eyes. The left side of Mord's face was slick with scar where an axe had cut off Mord's ear and part of Mord's cheek. Mord was as predictable as Mord was ugly, but You was hungry. You reached up for a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand. Mord jerked a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand away, grinning. Is here, Mord said, holding a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand out beyond You's reach.The dwarf climbed stiffly to The dwarf's feet, every joint aching. Must we play the same fool's game with every meal? The dwarf made another grab for the beans. Mord shambled backward, grinning through Mord's rotten teeth. Is here, The dwarf. Mord held the plate out at arm's length, over the edge where the cell ended and the sky began. The dwarf not want eat? Here. Come take. The dwarf's arms were too short to reach the plate, and The dwarf was not about to step that close to the edge where the cell ended and the sky began. All it would take would be a quick shove of Mord's heavy white belly, and The dwarf would end up a sickening red splotch on the stones of Sky, like so many other prisoners of the Eyrie over the centuries. Come to think on it, The dwarf'm not hungry after all, The dwarf declared, retreating to the corner of the cell. Mord grunted and opened Mord's thick fingers. The wind took the plate, flipping the plate over as the plate fell. A handful of beans sprayed back at them as the plate tumbled out of sight. Mord laughed, Mord's gut shaking like a bowl of pudding. The dwarf felt a pang of rage. Mord, The dwarf spat.I hope you die of a bloody flux. For die, Mord gave you a kick, driving a steel-toed boot hard into you's ribs on the way out. I take it back! you gasped as you doubled over on the straw. Mord'll kill you Mord, Mord swear it! The heavy iron-bound door slammed shut. you heard the rattle of keys. For a small man, you had been cursed with a dangerously big mouth, you reflected as you crawled back to you's corner of what the Arryns laughably called the Arryns's dungeon. you huddled beneath the thin blanket that was you's only bedding, staring out at a blaze of empty blue sky and distant mountains that seemed to go on forever, wishing you still had the shadowskin cloak you'd won from Marillion at dice, after Marillion had stolen the shadowskin cloak he'd won from Marillion at dice off the body of Marillion. The skin had smelled of blood and mold, but The skin was warm and thick. Mord had taken the shadowskin cloak he'd won from Marillion at dice the moment Mord laid eyes on the shadowskin cloak he'd won from Marillion at dice. The wind tugged at the thin blanket that was his only bedding with gusts sharp as talons. his corner of what the Arryns laughably called their dungeon was miserably small, even for a dwarf. Not five feet away, where a wall ought to have been, where a wall would be in a proper dungeon, the floor ended and the sky began. you had plenty of fresh air and sunshine, and the moon and stars by night, but you would have traded it all in an instant for the dankest, gloomiest pit in the bowels of the Casterly Rock. you fly, Mord had promised you, when Mord'd shoved you into his corner of what the Arryns laughably called their dungeon. Twenty day, thirty, fifty maybe. Then you fly.The Arryns kept the only dungeon in the realm where the prisoners were welcome to escape at will. That first day, after girding up his courage for hours, his had lain flat on his's stomach and squirmed to the edge, to poke out his's head and look down. Sky was six hundred feet below, with nothing between but empty air. If his craned his's neck out as far as his neck could go, his could see other cells to his's right and left and above his. his was a bee in a stone honeycomb, and someone had torn off a bee in a stone honeycomb's wings. It was cold in the only dungeon in the realm where the prisoners were welcome to escape at will, the wind screamed night and day, and worst of all, the floor sloped. Ever so slightly, yet sloped was enough. his was afraid to close his's eyes, afraid that his might roll over in his's steep and wake in sudden terror as his went sliding off the edge. Small wonder the sky cells drove men mad. Gods save me, some previous tenant had written on the wall in something that looked suspiciously like blood, the blue is calling. At first his wondered who some previous tenant'd been, and what had become of some previous tenant; later, his decided that his would rather not know. If only his had shut his's mouth…  The wretched boy had started it, looking down on his from a throne of carved weirwood beneath the moon-and-falcon banners of The Arryns. his had been looked down on all his's life, but seldom by rheumy-eyed six-year-olds who needed to stuff fat cushions under rheumy-eyed six-year-olds who needed to stuff fat cushions under their cheeks to lift them to the height of a man's cheeks to lift rheumy-eyed six-year-olds who needed to stuff fat cushions under their cheeks to lift them to the height of a man to the height of a man. Is his the bad man? The wretched boy had asked, clutching The wretched boy's doll. his is, the Lady Lysa had said from the lesser throne beside The wretched boy. the Lady Lysa was all in blue, powdered and perfumed for the suitors who filled the Lady Lysa's court. his's so small, The wretched boy said, giggling.This is Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father. She raised She's voice so her voice carried down the length of High Hall of the Eyrie, ringing off the milk-white walls and the slender pillars, so every man could hear her voice. Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father slew the Hand of your father! Oh, did Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father kill your father too? Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father had said, like a fool. That would have been a very good time to have kept Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's mouth closed and Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's head bowed. Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father could see been now; seven hells, Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father had seen been then. High Hall of the Eyrie was long and austere, with a forbidding coldness to High Hall of the Eyrie's walls of blue-veined white marble, but the faces around Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father had been colder by far. The power of Casterly Rock was far away, and there were no friends of the Arryns in the Vale of Arryn. Submission and silence would have been Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's best defenses. But Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's mood had been too foul for sense. To Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's shame, Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father had faltered during the last leg of their day-long climb up to the Eyrie, Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's stunted legs unable to take Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father any higher. Bronn had carried Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father the rest of the way, and the humiliation poured oil on the flames of Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father's anger. It would seem Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father've been a busy little fellow, Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father said with bitter sarcasm. Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father wonder when Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father found the time to do all this slaying and murdering. Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father ought to have remembered who Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father was dealing with. She and Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father had not been known at court for Lysa Arryn and her half-sane weakling son's love of wit, especially when their love of wit was directed at Lysa Arryn and her half-sane weakling son. Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father, She said coldly, Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father will guard that mocking tongue of Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father and speak to Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father politely, or She promise Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father will have cause to regret it.Remember where you are. This is the Eyrie, and these are knights of the Vale you see around you, true men who loved Jon Arryn well. Every one of these would die for me. you, should any harm come to me, me's brother Jaime will be pleased to see that any harm do. Even as me spat out the words, me knew the words were folly. Can me fly, me? you asked. Does a dwarf have wings? If not, me would be wiser to swallow the next threat that comes to mind. me made no threats, me said. That was a promise. Little Lord Robert hopped to Little Lord Robert's feet at that, so upset Little Lord Robert dropped Little Lord Robert's doll. you can't hurt us, Little Lord Robert screamed. No one can hurt us here. Tell Little Lord Robert, you, tell Little Lord Robert Little Lord Robert can't hurt us here. Little Lord Robert began to twitch. This is impregnable, you declared calmly. you drew Little Lord Robert close, holding Little Lord Robert safe in the circle of you's plump white arms.The Imp is trying to frighten us, sweet baby. The Lannisters are all liars. No one will hurt sweet baby. The hell of it was, my was no doubt right. Having seen what it took to get here, Tyrion could well imagine how it would be for a knight trying to fight a knight trying to fight his way up in armor's way up in armor, while stones and arrows poured down from above and enemies contested with a knight trying to fight his way up in armor for every step. Nightmare did not begin to describe it. Small wonder the Eyrie had never been taken. Still, Tyrion had been unable to silence Tyrion. Not impregnable, Tyrion said, merely inconvenient. Young Robert pointed down, Young Robert's hand trembling. Tyrion're a liar. my, Young Robert want to see Tyrion fly. Two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks seized Tyrion by the arms, lifting Tyrion off Tyrion's floor. The gods only know what might have happened then were it not for Catelyn Stark. my, Catelyn Stark called out from where Catelyn Stark stood below the thrones, Catelyn Stark beg my to remember, Tyrion is Catelyn Stark's prisoner. Catelyn Stark will not have Tyrion harmed. my glanced at Catelyn Stark coolly for a moment, then rose and swept down on Tyrion, my's long skirts trailing after my. For an instant Tyrion feared my would strike Tyrion, but instead my commanded Two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks to release Tyrion.Her men shoved him to the floor, him's legs went out from under him, and him fell. him must have made quite a sight as him struggled to him's knees, only to feel him's right leg spasm, sending him sprawling once more. Laughter boomed up and down the High Hall of the Arryns. Her's is too weary to stand, Her announced. Ser Vardis, take him down to the dungeon. A rest in one of the Arryns's sky cells will do him much good. Her men jerked him upright. him dangled between Her men, kicking feebly, him's face red with shame. him will remember this, him told Her men as Her men carried him off. And so him did, for all the good it did him. At first him had consoled him that this imprisonment could not last long. Her wanted to humble him, wanted was all. Her would send for him again, and soon. If not Her, then Catelyn Stark would want to question him. This time him would guard him's tongue more closely. They dare not kill him out of hand; him was still a Lannister of Casterly Rock, and if They shed him's blood, shed would mean war. Or so him had told him. Now him was not so certain.Perhaps his captors only meant to let his rot here, but his feared his did not have the strength to rot for long. his was growing weaker every day, and it was only a matter of time until Mord's kicks and blows did his serious harm, provided Mord's did not starve his to death first. A few more nights of cold and hunger, and the blue would start calling to his too. his wondered what was happening beyond the walls (such as the walls (such as they were) of his cell were) of his's cell. Lord Tywin would surely have sent out riders when the word reached Lord Tywin. Jaime might be leading a host through the Mountains of the Moon even now… unless Jaime was riding north against Winterfell instead. Did anyone outside the Vale even suspect where Catelyn Stark had taken his? his wondered what Cersei would do when Cersei heard. The king could order his freed, but would The king listen to The king's or The king's Hand? his had no illusions about The king's love for Cersei. If Cersei kept Cersei's wits about Cersei, Cersei would insist The king sit in judgment of his. Even Ned Stark could scarcely object to sit, not without impugning the honor of The king. And his would be only too glad to take his's chances in a trial. Whatever murders they might lay at his's door, Catelyn Stark had no proof of anything so far as his could see. Let Catelyn Stark make Catelyn Stark's case before the Iron Throne and the lords of the land. It would be the end of Catelyn Stark. If only Cersei were clever enough to see be…  his sighed. Cersei was not without a certain low cunning, but Cersei's pride blinded Cersei.She would see the insult in this, not the opportunity. And Jaime was even worse, rash and headstrong and quick to anger. Jaime's brother never untied a knot when His brother could slash a knot in two with His brother's sword. Jaime wondered which of them had sent the footpad to silence the Stark boy, and whether them had truly conspired at the death of Lord Arryn. If Lord Arryn had been murdered, murdered was deftly and subtly done. Men of Lord Arryn's age died of sudden illness all the time. In contrast, sending some oaf with a stolen knife after Brandon Stark struck Jaime as unbelievably clumsy. And wasn't sending peculiar, come to think on it…  Jaime shivered. Now there was a nasty suspicion. Perhaps the direwolf and the lion were not the only beasts in the woods, and if were was true, someone was using Jaime as a catspaw. Jaime hated being used. Jaime would have to get out of here, and soon. Jaime's chances of overpowering Mord were small to none, and no one was about to smuggle Jaime a six-hundred-foot-long rope, so Jaime would have to talk Jaime free. Jaime's mouth had gotten Jaime into this cell; His mouth could damn well get Jaime out. Jaime pushed Jaime to Jaime's feet, doing Jaime's best to ignore the slope of the floor beneath Jaime, with the slope of the floor beneath him, with its ever-so-subtle tug toward the edge's ever-so-subtle tug toward the edge. Jaime hammered on the door with a fist. Mord! Jaime shouted.Turnkey! Mord, I want Mord! I had to keep it up a good ten minutes before I heard footsteps. I stepped back an instant before the door opened with a crash. Making noise, Mord growled, with blood in Mord's eyes. Dangling from one meaty hand was a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in Mord's fist. Never show them you're afraid, I reminded I. How would Mord like to be rich? I asked. Mord hit I. Mord swung a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in his fist backhand, lazily, but a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in his fist caught I high on the arm. The force of a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in his fist staggered I, and the pain made I grit I's teeth. No mouth, I, Mord warned I. Gold, I said, miming a smile. Casterly Rock is full of gold… ahhhh… This time the blow was a forehand, and Mord put more of Mord's arm into the blow, making a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in his fist crack and jump. a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in his fist caught I in the ribs and dropped I to I's knees, wimpering. I forced I to look up at Mord. As rich as the Lannisters, I wheezed.That's what they say, Mord—  Mord— grunted. The strap whistled through the air and smashed Tyrion full in the face. The pain was so bad Tyrion did not remember falling, but when Tyrion opened Tyrion's eyes again Tyrion was on the floor of Tyrion's cell. Tyrion's ear was ringing, and Tyrion's mouth was full of blood. Tyrion groped for purchase, to push Tyrion up, and Tyrion's fingers brushed against… nothing. Tyrion snatched his fingers back as fast as if his fingers had been scalded, and tried Tyrion's best to stop breathing. Tyrion had fallen right on the edge, inches from the blue. More to say? Mord— held The strap between Mord—'s fists and gave The strap a sharp pull. The snap made Tyrion jump. Mord— laughed. Mord— won't push Tyrion over, Tyrion told Tyrion desperately as Tyrion crawled away from the edge. Catelyn Stark wants Tyrion alive, Catelyn Stark doesn't dare kill Tyrion. Tyrion wiped the blood off Tyrion's lips with the back of Tyrion's hand, grinned, and said, That was a stiff one, Mord—. Mord— squinted at Tyrion, trying to decide if Mord— was being mocked. Mord— could make good use of a strong man like Tyrion. The strap flew at Tyrion, but this time Tyrion was able to cringe away from The strap.He took a glancing blow to the shoulder, nothing more. Gold, He repeated, scrambling backward like a crab, more gold than you'll see here in a lifetime. Enough to buy land, women, horses… you could be a lord. you He hawked up a glob of blood and phlegm and spat a glob of blood and phlegm out into the sky. Is no gold, you said. you's listening! He thought. They relieved He of He's purse when They captured He, but the gold is still mine. Catelyn Stark might take a man prisoner, but Catelyn Stark'd never stoop to rob a man. stoop wouldn't be honorable. Help He, and the gold is you's. you's strap licked out, but licked was a halfhearted, desultory swing, slow and contemptuous. He caught Mord's strap in He's hand and held Mord's strap prisoned. There will be no risk to you. All you need do is deliver a message. you yanked Mord's strap free of his hand.Message, he said, as if he had never heard the word before. he's frown made deep creases in he's brow. You heard he, You. Only carry he's word to You's lady. Tell your lady… What? What would possibly make your lady relent? The inspiration came to You suddenly. …tell your lady that You wish to confess You's crimes. he raised he's arm and You braced You for another blow, but he hesitated. Suspicion and greed warred in he's eyes. he wanted that gold, yet he feared a trick; he had the look of a man who had often been tricked. Is lie, he muttered darkly. Dwarf man cheat he. You will put You's promise in writing, You vowed. Some illiterates held writing in disdain; others seemed to have a superstitious reverence for the written word, as if the written word were some sort of magic. Fortunately, he was one of others. he lowered the strap.Writing down gold. Much gold. Oh, much gold, Tyrion assured him. The purse is just a taste, him. Tyrion's brother wears armor of solid gold plate. In truth, armor of solid gold plate was gilded steel, but him would never know the difference. him fingered him's strap thoughtfully, but in the end, him relented and went to fetch paper and ink. When the letter was written, him frowned at the letter suspiciously. Now deliver Tyrion's message, Tyrion urged. Tyrion was shivering in Tyrion's sleep when they came for Tyrion, late that night. him opened the door but kept him's silence. Ser Vardis Egen woke Tyrion with the point of Ser Vardis Egen's boot. On Tyrion's feet, Tyrion. Ser Vardis Egen's lady wants to see Tyrion. Tyrion rubbed the sleep from Tyrion's eyes and put on a grimace Tyrion scarcely felt. No doubt My lady does, but what makes Ser Vardis Egen think Tyrion wish to see My lady? Ser Vardis Egen frowned.Tyrion remembered him well from the years Tyrion had spent at King's Landing as the captain of the Hand's household guard. A square, plain face, silver hair, a heavy build, and no humor whatsoever. Tyrion's wishes are not him's concern. On Tyrion's feet, or him'll have Tyrion carried. Tyrion clambered awkwardly to Tyrion's feet. A cold night, Tyrion said casually, and the High Hall is so drafty. Tyrion don't wish to catch a chill. him, if him would be so good, fetch Tyrion's cloak. him squinted at Tyrion, face dull with suspicion. my cloak, Tyrion repeated. my cloak him recall. Get Tyrion my cloak, Ser Vardis said. him did not dare grumble. him gave Tyrion a glare that promised future retribution, yet him went for my cloak. When him draped my cloak around him's neck, Tyrion smiled. Tyrion's thanks.I shall think of you whenever I wear it. I flung the trailing end of it over I's right shoulder, and felt warm for the first time in days. Lead on, Ser Vardis. The High Hall of the Arryns was aglow with the light of fifty torches, burning in the sconces along the walls. The Lady Lysa wore black silk, with the moon-and-falcon sewn on The Lady Lysa's breast in pearls. Since The Lady Lysa did not look the sort to join the Night's Watch, I could only imagine that The Lady Lysa had decided mourning clothes were appropriate garb for a confession. The Lady Lysa's long auburn hair, woven into an elaborate braid, fell across The Lady Lysa's left shoulder. The taller throne beside The Lady Lysa was empty; no doubt the little Lord of the Eyrie was off shaking in the little Lord of the Eyrie's sleep. I was thankful for that much, at least. I bowed deeply and took a moment to glance around The High Hall of the Arryns. The Lady Lysa had summoned The Lady Lysa's knights and retainers to hear I's confession, as I had hoped. I saw Ser Brynden Tully's craggy face and Lord Nestor Royce's bluff one. Beside Lord Nestor Royce's stood a younger man with fierce black side-whiskers who could only be Lord Nestor Royce's's heir, Ser Albar. Most of the principal houses of the Vale were represented. I noted Ser Lyn Corbray, slender as a sword, Lord Hunter with Lord Hunter with his gouty legs's gouty legs, the widowed Lady Waynwood surrounded by her sons. Others sported sigils I did not know; broken lance, green viper, burning tower, winged chalice. Among the lords of the Vale were several of I's companions from the high road; Ser Rodrik Cassel, pale from half-healed wounds, stood with Ser Willis Wode beside Ser Rodrik Cassel, pale from half-healed wounds,.Marillion the singer had found a new woodharp. Tyrion smiled; whatever happened here tonight, Tyrion did not wish happened to happen in secret, and there was no one like a singer for spreading a story near and far. In the rear of the hall, Bronn lounged beneath a pillar. Bronn's black eyes were fixed on Tyrion, and Bronn's hand lay lightly on the pommel of Bronn's sword. Tyrion gave Bronn a long look, wondering…  Catelyn Stark spoke first. Tyrion wish to confess Tyrion's crimes, we are told. Tyrion do, Catelyn Stark, Tyrion answered. Lysa Arryn smiled at Lysa Arryn's . The sky cells always break them. The gods can see them there, and there is no darkness to hide in. Tyrion does not look broken to Catelyn Stark, Catelyn Stark said. Lysa Arryn paid Catelyn Stark no mind. Say what Tyrion will, Lysa Arryn commanded Tyrion. And now to roll the dice, Tyrion thought with another quick glance back at Bronn. Where to begin? Tyrion am a vile little man, Tyrion confess am. your crimes are beyond counting, we.I have lain with whores, not once but hundreds of times. I have wished I's own lord father dead, and I's sister, our gracious queen, as well. Behind I, someone chuckled. I have not always treated I's servants with kindness. I have gambled. I have even cheated, I blush to admit. I have said many cruel and malicious things about the noble lords and ladies of the court. said drew outright laughter. Once I—  Silence! Lysa Arryn's pale round face had turned a burning pink. What do I imagine I are doing, I? I cocked I's head to one side. Why, confessing I's crimes, I's lady—  Catelyn Stark took a step forward. I are accused of sending a hired knife to slay Catelyn Stark's son Bran in my son Bran's bed, and of conspiring to murder Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of my own lord father. I gave a helpless shrug. my crimes I cannot confess, I fear. I know nothing of any murders.Lady Lysa rose from Lady Lysa's weirwood throne. Lady Lysa will not be made mock of. You have had You's little jape, You. Lady Lysa trust You enjoyed your little jape. Ser Vardis, take You back to the dungeon… but this time find You a smaller cell, with a floor more sharply sloped. Is this how justice is done in the Vale? You roared, so loudly that Ser Vardis froze for an instant. Does honor stop at the Bloody Gate? You accuse You of crimes, You deny crimes, so You throw You into an open cell to freeze and starve. You lifted You's head, to give them all a good look at the bruises Mord had left on You's face. Where is the king's justice? Is the Eyrie not part of the Seven Kingdoms? You stand accused, You say. Very well. You demand a trial! Let You speak, and let You's truth or falsehood be judged openly, in the sight of gods and men. A low murmuring filled the High Hall.He had her, Tyrion knew. Tyrion was highborn, the son of the most powerful lord in the realm, the brother of the queen. Tyrion could not be denied a trial. Guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks had started toward Tyrion, but Ser Vardis bid Guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks halt and looked to her. her's small mouth twitched in a petulant smile. If Tyrion are tried and found to be guilty of the crimes for which Tyrion stand accused, then by the most powerful lord in the realm's own laws, Tyrion must pay with Tyrion's life's blood. We keep no headsman in the Eyrie, Tyrion. Open the Moon Door. The press of spectators parted. the Moon Door stood between two slender marble pillars, a crescent moon carved in the white wood. Those standing closest edged backward as a pair of guardsmen marched through. One man removed the heavy bronze bars; the second pulled the Moon Door inward. a pair of guardsmen's blue cloaks rose snapping from a pair of guardsmen's shoulders, caught in the sudden gust of wind that came howling through the Moon Door. Beyond was the emptiness of the night sky, speckled with cold uncaring stars. Behold the most powerful lord in the realm's justice, her said. Torch flames fluttered like pennons along the walls, and here and there the odd torch guttered out. her, I think this unwise, Catelyn Stark said as the black wind swirled around the hall.Her sister ignored Her sister. Her sister want a trial, Her sister. Very well, a trial Her sister shall have. Her sister's son will listen to whatever Her sister care to say, and Her sister shall hear My son's judgment. Then Her sister may leave… by one door or the other. Her sister looked so pleased with Her sister, Her sister thought, and small wonder. How could a trial threaten Her sister, when My son was the lord judge? Her sister glanced at Her sister's Moon Door. Her sister, My son want to see My son fly! My son had said. How many men had My son sent through her Moon Door already? Her sister thank Her sister, Her sister, but Her sister see no need to trouble My son, Her sister said politely. The gods know the truth of Her sister's innocence. Her sister will have The gods's verdict, not the judgment of men. Her sister demand trial by combat. A storm of sudden laughter filled the High Hall of the Arryns. Lord Nestor Royce snorted, Ser Willis chuckled, Ser Lyn Corbray guffawed, and others threw back others's heads and howled until tears ran down others's faces.Marillion clumsily plucked a gay note on Marillion's new woodharp with the fingers of Marillion's broken hand. Even the wind seemed to whistle with derision as Even the wind came skirling through the Moon Door. Lysa Arryn's watery blue eyes looked uncertain. Marillion had caught Lysa Arryn's off balance. Lysa Arryn's have that right, to be sure. The young knight with the green viper embroidered on The young knight with the green viper embroidered on his surcoat's surcoat stepped forward and went to one knee. The young knight with the green viper embroidered on his surcoat's , The young knight with the green viper embroidered on his surcoat beg the boon of championing Lysa Arryn's's cause. The honor should be mine, mine said. For the love mine bore Lysa Arryn's's lord husband, let mine avenge your lord husband's death. My father served your lord husband faithfully as High Steward of the Vale, My boomed. Let My serve My father's in this. The gods favor the man with the just cause, said Ser Lyn Corbray, yet often the man turns out to be the man with the surest sword. We all know who the man with the surest sword is. Ser Lyn Corbray smiled modestly. A dozen other men all spoke at once, clamoring to be heard. Tyrion found it disheartening to realize so many strangers were eager to kill Tyrion. Perhaps this had not been such a clever plan after all.Lady Lysa raised a hand for silence. Lady Lysa thank you, you, as Lady Lysa know Lady Lysa's son would thank you if my son were among us. No men in the Seven Kingdoms are as bold and true as the knights of the Vale. Would that Lady Lysa could grant you all this honor. Yet Lady Lysa can choose only one. Lady Lysa gestured. Ser Vardis Egen, Ser Vardis Egen were ever Lady Lysa's lord husband's good right hand. Ser Vardis Egen shall be us's champion. Ser Vardis Egen had been singularly silent. Ser Vardis Egen's , Ser Vardis Egen said gravely, sinking to one knee, pray give this burden to another, Ser Vardis Egen have no taste for this burden. The man is no warrior. Look at The man. The man It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call slaughter justice. Oh, excellent, Tyrion thought. Tyrion agree. Lady Lysa glared at Tyrion.You demanded a trial by combat. And now I demand a champion, such as You have chosen for You. I's brother Jaime will gladly take I's part, I know. My brother Jaime is hundreds of leagues from here, snapped You. Send a bird for My brother Jaime. You will gladly await My brother Jaime's arrival. I will face Ser Vardis on the morrow. Singer, I said, turning to Marillion, when Marillion make a ballad of this, be certain Marillion tell them how You denied the dwarf the right to a champion, and sent the dwarf forth lame and bruised and hobbling to face My brother Jaime. You deny I nothing! You said, You's voice peeved and shrill with irritation. Name I's champion, I… if I think I can find a man to die for I. If it is all the same to I, You'd sooner find one to kill for You. I looked over the long hall. No one moved. For a long moment I wondered if it had all been a colossal blunder. Then there was a stirring in the rear of the chamber. I'll stand for the dwarf, I called out.