 He dreamt an old dream, of three knights in white cloaks, and a tower long fallen, and Lyanna in Lyanna in her bed of blood's bed of blood. In dreamt He's friends rode with He, as his friends had in life. Proud Martyn Cassel, Jory's father; faithful Theo Wull; Ethan Glover, who had been Brandon's squire; Ser Mark Ryswell, soft of speech and gentle of heart; the crannogman, Howland Reed; Lord Dustin on Lord Dustin on his great red stallion's great red stallion. He had known his friends's faces as well as He knew He's own once, but the years leech at a man's memories, even those a man's has vowed never to forget. In dreamt his friends were only shadows, grey wraiths on horses made of mist. his friends were seven, facing three. In dreamt as it had been in life. Yet three were no ordinary three. three waited before the round tower, the red mountains of Dorne at three's backs, three's white cloaks blowing in the wind. And three were no shadows; three's faces burned clear, even now. Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning, had a sad smile on Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning,'s lips.The hilt of the greatsword Dawn poked up over his right shoulder. Ser Oswell Whent was on one knee, sharpening the greatsword Dawn with a whetstone. Across Ser Oswell Whent's white-enameled helm, the black bat of Ser Oswell Whent's House spread the black bat of his House's wings. Between them stood fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. I looked for fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard on the Trident, I said to fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard were not there, fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard answered. Woe to I if fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard had been, said Ser Oswell Whent. When King's Landing fell, Ser Jaime slew King's with a golden sword, and I wondered where fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard were. Far away, fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard said, or Aerys would yet sit the Iron Throne, and I would burn in seven hells. I came down on Storm's End to lift the siege, I told fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dipped the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne's banners, and all the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne's knights bent the knee to pledge our fealty. I was certain fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard would be among them.Our knees do not bend easily, said Ser Arthur Dayne. Ser Willem Darry is fled to Dragonstone, with your queen and Prince Viserys. I thought you might have sailed with Ser Willem Darry. Ser Willem Darry is a good man and true, said Ser Oswell. But not of the Kingsguard, Ser Gerold pointed out. the Kingsguard does not flee. Then or now, said Ser Arthur Dayne. Ser Arthur Dayne donned Ser Arthur Dayne's helm. We swore a vow, explained Ser Gerold. Ned's wraiths moved up beside Ser Gerold, with shadow swords in hand. They were seven against three.And now it begins, said Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning unsheathed Dawn and held Dawn with both hands. Dawn was pale as milkglass, alive with light. No, Ned said with sadness in Ned's voice. Now it ends. As they came together in a rush of steel and shadow, Ned could hear Lyanna screaming. Ned! Lyanna called. A storm of rose petals blew across a blood-streaked sky, as blue as the eyes of death. Ned, Lyanna called again. Ned promise, Ned whispered.Lya, Lya promise…  Lord Eddard, a man echoed from the dark. Groaning, Eddard Stark opened Eddard Stark's eyes. Moonlight streamed through the tall windows of the Tower of the Hand. Lord Eddard A shadow stood over the bed. How… how long? The sheets were tangled, Eddard Stark's leg splinted and plastered. A dull throb of pain shot up Eddard Stark's side. Six days and seven nights. The voice was Vayon Poole's. Vayon Poole's held a cup to Eddard Stark's lips.Drink, my lord. What…? Only water. Maester Pycelle said my lord would be thirsty. my lord drank. my lord's lips were parched and cracked. The water tasted sweet as honey. The king left orders, Vayon Poole told my lord when The water was empty. The king would speak with my lord, my's . On the morrow, my lord said. When my lord am stronger.He could not face Robert now. The dream had left He weak as a kitten. He, My said, Robert commanded us to send He to Robert the moment He opened He's eyes. My busied My lighting a bedside candle. He cursed softly. Robert was never known for Robert's patience. Tell Robert He'm too weak to come to Robert. If Robert wishes to speak with He, He should be pleased to receive Robert here. He hope My wake Robert from a sound sleep. And summon… He was about to say Jory when He remembered. Summon the captain of He's guard.Alyn stepped into the bedchamber a few moments after the steward had taken the steward's leave. Alyn Poole tells Alyn it has been six days, Alyn said. Alyn must know how things stand. The Kingslayer is fled the city, Alyn told Alyn. The talk is The Kingslayer's ridden back to Casterly Rock to join The Kingslayer's father. The story of how Lady Catelyn took the Imp is on every lip. Alyn have put on extra guards, if put please Alyn. put does, Alyn assured Alyn. Alyn's daughters? My daughters? have been with Alyn every day, Alyn.Sansa prays quietly, but Arya… He hesitated. Arya has not said a word since they brought you back. Arya is a fierce little thing, you. I have never seen such anger in a girl. Whatever happens, Ned said, Ned want Ned's daughters kept safe. Ned fear this is only the beginning. No harm will come to my daughters, you, Ned said. Ned stake Ned's life on come. Jory and the others…  Ned gave Jory and the others over to the silent sisters, to be sent north to Winterfell. Jory would want to lie beside Jory's grandfather. It would have to be his grandfather, for Jory's father was buried far to the south.Martyn Cassel had perished with the rest. Ned had pulled the tower down afterward, and used the tower's bloody stones to build eight cairns upon the ridge. It was said that Rhaegar had named the tower the tower of joy, but for Ned the tower was a bitter memory. They had been seven against three, yet only two had lived to ride away; only twoEddard Stark himself . Ned did not think it omened well that Ned should dream that dream again after so many years. You've done well, You, Ned was saying when You returned. You bowed low. His Grace is without, You's , and the queen with His. Ned pushed Ned up higher, wincing as Ned's leg trembled with pain. Ned had not expected the queen to come. It did not bode well that the queen had.Send them in, and leave us. What us have to say should not go beyond these walls. Poole withdrew quietly. Robert had taken time to dress. Robert wore a black velvet doublet with the crowned stag of Baratheon worked upon the breast in golden thread, and a golden mantle with a cloak of black and gold squares. A flagon of wine was in Robert's hand, Robert's face already flushed from drink. Cersei Lannister entered behind Robert, a jeweled tiara in Cersei Lannister's hair. Robert, Ned said. Robert's pardons. Robert cannot rise. No matter, Robert said gruffly.Some wine? From the Arbor. A good vintage. A small cup, Ned said. Ned's head is still heavy from the milk of the poppy. A man in Ned's place should count A man in your place fortunate that A man in your place's head is still on A man in your place's shoulders, the queen declared. Quiet, the queen, Robert snapped. Robert brought Ned a cup of wine. Does the leg still pain Ned? Some, Ned said. My head was swimming, but it would not do to admit to weakness in front of the queen.Pycelle swears it will heal clean. Robert frowned. Robert take it you know what Catelyn has done? you do. you took a small swallow of wine. Catelyn is blameless, Robert. All Catelyn did Catelyn did at you's command. Robert am not pleased, you, Robert grumbled. By what right do you dare lay hands on you's blood? you demanded. Who do you think you are?The Hand of the King, Ned told her with icy courtesy. Charged by the King to keep the King's peace and enforce the King's justice. Ned were the Hand, Cersei began, but now—  Silence! the King roared. Cersei asked the King a question and the King answered a question. Cersei subsided, cold with anger, and Robert turned back to Ned. Keep the king's peace, Ned say. Is this how Ned keep the King's peace, Ned? Seven men are dead…  Eight, her corrected. Tregar died this morning, of the blow Lord Stark gave Tregar. Abductions on the kingsroad and drunken slaughter in the King's streets, the King said.I will not have it, Ned. Catelyn had good reason for taking the Imp—  Ned said, Ned will not have it! To hell with good reason for taking the Imp—. I will command Catelyn to release the dwarf at once, and I will make I's peace with Jaime. Three of Ned's men were butchered before Ned's eyes, because Jaime wished to chasten Ned. Am Ned to forget wished? Ned's brother was not the cause of this quarrel, Ned told Ned. My brother was returning drunk from a brothel. My brother's men attacked Jaime and Jaime's guards, even as Jaime's wife attacked Tyrion on the kingsroad. Ned know Ned better than that, Ned, Ned said.Ask Lord Baelish if you doubt me. Lord Baelish was there. you've talked to Lord Baelish, you said. Lord Baelish claims Lord Baelish rode off to bring the gold cloaks before the fighting began, but Lord Baelish admits me were returning from some whorehouse. Some whorehouse? Damn you's eyes, you, me went there to have a look at you's daughter! your daughter's mother has named your daughter your daughter. your daughter looks like that first girl you fathered, when we were boys together in the Vale. me watched Her mother as me spoke; Her mother's face was a mask, still and pale, betraying nothing. you flushed.Barra, he grumbled. Is that supposed to please he? Damn the girl. he thought the girl had more sense. the girl cannot be more than fifteen, and a whore, and he thought the girl had sense? he said, incredulous. he's leg was beginning to pain he sorely. It was hard to keep he's temper. the girl is in love with he, he. he glanced at Cersei.This is no fit subject for the queen's ears. the queen's's Grace will have no liking for anything I have to say, I replied. I am told the Kingslayer has fled the city. Give I leave to bring the Kingslayer back to justice. The king swirled the wine in The king's cup, brooding. The king took a swallow. No, The king said. The king want no more of this. the Kingslayer slew three of I's men, and you five of the Kingslayer. Now it ends.Is that that's notion of justice? that flared. If so, that am pleased that that am no longer that's Hand. The queen looked to The queen's husband. If any man had dared speak to a Targaryen as he has spoken to you—  Do her husband take The queen for Aerys? her husband interrupted. her husband took The queen for a king. Jaime and Tyrion are The queen's own brothers, by all the laws of marriage and the bonds we share. The Starks have driven off Jaime and seized the other. he dishonors The queen with every breath he takes, and yet The queen stand there meekly, asking if he's leg pains he and would he like some wine.Robert's face was dark with anger. How many times must Robert's tell you to hold you's tongue, you? you's face was a study in contempt. What a jape the gods have made of us two, you said. By all rights, Robert's ought to be in skirts and you in mail. Purple with rage, Robert's lashed out, a vicious backhand blow to the side of the head. you stumbled against the table and fell hard, yet you did not cry out. you's slender fingers brushed you's cheek, where the pale smooth skin was already reddening. On the morrow the bruise would cover half you's face. you shall wear the bruise as a badge of honor, you announced.Wear it in silence, or I'll honor you again, I vowed. I shouted for a guard. a guard stepped into the room, tall and somber in a guard's white armor. you is tired. See you to you's bedchamber. a guard helped you to you's feet and led you out without a word. I reached for the flagon and refilled I's cup. You see what you does to I, You. I seated I, cradling his cup. I's loving wife.The mother of my children. The rage was gone from my now; in my's eyes Ned saw something sad and scared. my should not have hit The mother of my children. hit was not… hit was not kingly. my stared down at my's hands, as if my did not quite know what his hands were. my was always strong… no one could stand before my, no one. How do you fight someone if you can't hit someone? Confused, my shook my's head. Rhaegar… Rhaegar won, damn Rhaegar. my killed Rhaegar, Ned, my drove the spike right through that black armor into Rhaegar's black heart, and Rhaegar died at my's feet.They made up songs about it. Yet somehow he still won. he has Lyanna now, and I have Lyanna. he drained he's cup. Your Grace, Ned Stark said, we must talk…  I pressed I's fingertips against I's temples. I am sick unto death of talk. On the morrow I'm going to the kingswood to hunt. Whatever Ned Stark have to say can wait until I return. If the gods are good, I shall not be here on Ned Stark's return. Ned Stark commanded I to return to Winterfell, remember?Robert stood up, grasping one of the bedposts to steady Robert. The gods are seldom good, Ned. Here, this is Ned's. Robert pulled the heavy silver hand clasp from a pocket in the lining of Robert's cloak and tossed the heavy silver hand clasp on the bed. Like it or not, Ned are Robert's Hand, damn Ned. Robert forbid Ned to leave. Ned picked up the heavy silver hand clasp. Ned was being given no choice, it seemed. Ned's leg throbbed, and Ned felt as helpless as a child. The Targaryen girl—  Robert groaned.Seven hells, don't start with her again. That's done, I'll hear no more of That. Why would you want I as you's Hand, if you refuse to listen to I's counsel? Why? you laughed. Why not? Someone has to rule this damnable kingdom. Put on the badge, I. the badge suits I. And if I ever throw the badge in I's face again, I swear to I, I'll pin the badge on Jaime Lannister.