 Her brother held the gown up for Her's inspection. the gown is beauty. Touch the gown. Go on. Caress the gown. Her touched the gown. the gown was so smooth that the gown seemed to run through Her's fingers like water. Her could not remember ever wearing anything so soft. the gown frightened Her. Her pulled her fingers away. Is the gown really Her? A gift from the Magister Illyrio, Her brother said, smiling. Her brother was in a high mood tonight.The color will bring out the violet in your eyes. And your shall have gold as well, and jewels of all sorts. Illyrio has promised. Tonight your must look like a princess. A princess, your thought. your had forgotten what a princess was like. Perhaps your had never really known. Why does Illyrio give us so much? your asked. What does Illyrio want from us? For nigh on half a year, us had lived in Illyrio's house, eating Illyrio's food, pampered by Illyrio's servants. your was thirteen, old enough to know that such gifts seldom come without such gifts's price, here in the free city of Pentos. Illyrio is no fool, Viserys said.He was a gaunt young man with nervous hands and a feverish look in He's pale lilac eyes. He knows that He will not forget He's friends when He come into He's throne. Dany said nothing. He was a dealer in spices, gemstones, dragonbone, and other, less savory things. He had friends in all of the Nine Free Cities, it was said, and even beyond, in Vaes Dothrak and the fabled lands beside the Jade Sea. It was also said that He'd never had a friend He wouldn't cheerfully sell for the right price. Dany listened to the talk in the streets, and Dany heard these things, but Dany knew better than to question Dany's when He wove He's webs of dream. He's anger was a terrible thing when roused. Viserys called His anger waking the dragon. Dany's hung the gown beside the door. He will send the slaves to bathe Dany. Be sure Dany wash off the stink of the stables. Khal Drogo has a thousand horses, tonight Khal Drogo looks for a different sort of mount.He studied her critically. her still slouch. Straighten her He pushed back her's shoulders with He's hands. Let them see that her have a woman's shape now. his hands brushed lightly over her's budding breasts and tightened on a nipple. her will not fail He tonight. If her do, it will go hard for her. her don't want to wake the dragon, do her? his hands twisted her, the pinch cruelly hard through the rough fabric of her's tunic. Do her? He repeated. No, her said meekly. He smiled.Good. He touched her hair, almost with affection. When they write the history of He's reign, her, they will say that my reign began tonight. When He was gone, her went to her's window and looked out wistfully on the waters of the bay. The square brick towers of Pentos were black silhouettes outlined against the setting sun. her could hear the singing of the red priests as the red priests lit the red priests's night fires and the shouts of ragged children playing games beyond the walls of the estate. For a moment her wished her could be out there with ragged children playing games beyond the walls of the estate, barefoot and breathless and dressed in tatters, with no past and no future and no feast to attend at Khal Drogo's manse. Somewhere beyond the sunset, across the narrow sea, lay a land of green hills and flowered plains and great rushing rivers, where towers of dark stone rose amidst magnificent blue-grey mountains, and armored knights rode to battle beneath the banners of armored knights's lords. The Dothraki called that land Rhaesh Andahli, the land of the Andals. In the Free Cities, The Dothraki talked of Westeros and the Sunset Kingdoms. her's brother had a simpler name. Our land, Her brother called that land. The words were like a prayer with Her brother.If he said them enough, the gods were sure to hear. Ours by blood right, taken from Ours by treachery, but Ours still, Ours forever. You do not steal from the dragon, oh, no. the dragon remembers. And perhaps the dragon did remember, but Dany could not. Dany had never seen this land he said was theirs, this realm beyond the narrow sea. These places he talked of, Casterly Rock and the Eyrie, Highgarden and the Vale of Arryn, Dorne and the Isle of Faces, These places he talked of, Casterly Rock and the Eyrie, Highgarden and the Vale of Arryn, Dorne and the Isle of Faces were just words to Dany. he had been a boy of eight when they fled King's Landing to escape the advancing armies of the Usurper, but Daenerys had been only a quickening in they's mother's womb. Yet sometimes Dany would picture the way it had been, so often had he told Dany the stories. The midnight flight to Dragonstone, moonlight shimmering on the ship's black sails. Dany's brother Rhaegar battling the Usurper in the bloody waters of the Trident and dying for DaenerysHer brother Rhaegar . The sack of King's Landing by the ones he called the Usurper's dogs, the lords Lannister and Stark. Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Her brother Rhaegar's heir was ripped from Princess Elia of Dorne's breast and murdered before Princess Elia of Dorne's eyes.The polished skulls of the last dragons staring down sightlessly from the walls of the throne room while the Kingslayer opened Father's throat with a golden sword. She had been born on Dragonstone nine moons after their flight, while a raging summer storm threatened to rip Dragonstone apart. They said a raging summer storm was terrible. The Targaryen fleet was smashed while The Targaryen fleet lay at anchor, and huge stone blocks were ripped from the parapets and sent hurtling into the wild waters of the narrow sea. She's mother had died birthing She, and for died She's brother Viserys had never forgiven She. She did not remember Dragonstone either. their had run again, just before the Usurper's brother set sail with the Usurper's brother's new-built fleet. By then only Dragonstone itself, the ancient seat of their House, had remained of the Seven Kingdoms that had once been their. only Dragonstone itself, the ancient seat of their House would not remain for long. The garrison had been prepared to sell their to the Usurper's, but one night Ser Willem Darry and four loyal men had broken into the nursery and stolen their, along with She's wet nurse, and set sail under cover of darkness for the safety of the Braavosian coast. She remembered Ser Willem Darry dimly, a great grey bear of a man, half-blind, roaring and bellowing orders from Ser Willem Darry's sickbed. The servants had lived in terror of Ser Willem Darry, but Ser Willem Darry had always been kind to She. Ser Willem Darry called She Little Princess and sometimes My Lady, and Ser Willem Darry's hands were soft as old leather.He never left He's bed, though, and the smell of sickness clung to He day and night, a hot, moist, sickly sweet odor. That was when they lived in Braavos, in the big house with the red door. Dany had Dany's own room there, with a lemon tree outside Dany's window. After Ser Willem had died, the servants had stolen what little money the servants had left, and soon after they had been put out of the big house with the red door. Dany had cried when the red door closed behind they forever. they had wandered since then, from Braavos to Myr, from Myr to Tyrosh, and on to Qohor and Volantis and Lys, never staying long in any one place. Dany's brother would not allow staying. The Usurper's hired knives were close behind they, Her brother insisted, though Dany had never seen one. At first the magisters and archons and merchant princes were pleased to welcome the last Targaryens to the magisters and archons and merchant princes's homes and tables, but as the years passed and The Usurper's continued to sit upon the Iron Throne, doors closed and the last Targaryens's lives grew meaner. Years past the last Targaryens had been forced to sell the last Targaryens's last few treasures, and now even the coin the last Targaryens had gotten from Mother's crown had gone. In the alleys and wine sinks of Pentos, they called Her brother the beggar king. Dany did not want to know what they called Dany. they will have it all back someday, Dany, Her brother would promise Dany.Sometimes his hands shook when his talked about it. The jewels and the silks, Dragonstone and King's Landing, the Iron Throne and the Seven Kingdoms, all they have taken from us, us will have The jewels and the silks, Dragonstone and King's Landing, the Iron Throne and the Seven Kingdoms back. his lived for that day. All that Daenerys wanted back was the big house with the red door, the lemon tree outside Daenerys's window, the childhood Daenerys had never known. There came a soft knock on Daenerys's door. Come, Daenerys said, turning away from her window. Illyrio's servants entered, bowed, and set about Illyrio's servants's business. Illyrio's servants were slaves, a gift from one of Illyrio's's many Dothraki friends. There was no slavery in the free city of Pentos. Nonetheless, Illyrio's servants were slaves. The old woman, small and grey as a mouse, never said a word, but the girl made up for said. the girl was Illyrio's's favorite, the girlthe girl . Illyrio's servants filled the girl's bath with hot water brought up from the kitchen and scented her bath with fragrant oils.The girl pulled the rough cotton tunic over Dany's head and helped Dany's into the tub. The water was scalding hot, but Dany's did not flinch or cry out. Dany's liked The water. The water made Dany's feel clean. Besides, Dany's's brother had often told Dany's that it was never too hot for a Targaryen. a Targaryen is the house of the dragon, her brother would say. The fire is in a Targaryen's blood. Dany's washed Dany's long, silver-pale hair and gently combed out the snags, all in silence. The girl scrubbed Dany's back and Dany's's feet and told Dany's how lucky Dany's was. Drogo is so rich that even Drogo's slaves wear golden collars. A hundred thousand men ride in Drogo's khalasar, and Drogo's palace in Vaes Dothrak has two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver. There was more like that, so much more, what a handsome man Drogo was, so tall and fierce, fearless in battle, the best rider ever to mount a horse, a demon archer. Dany's said nothing.She had always assumed that She would wed Viserys when She came of age. For centuries the Targaryens had married brother to sister, since Aegon the Conqueror had taken Aegon the Conqueror's sisters to bride. The line must be kept pure, Viserys had told She a thousand times; the Targaryens was the kingsblood, the golden blood of old Valyria, the blood of the dragon. Dragons did not mate with the beasts of the field, and Targaryens did not mingle Targaryens's blood with that of lesser men. Yet now Viserys schemed to sell She to a stranger, a barbarian. When She was clean, the slaves helped She from the water and toweled She dry. She brushed She's hair until her hair shone like molten silver, while the old woman anointed She with the spiceflower perfume of the Dothraki plains, a dab on each wrist, behind She's ears, on the tips of She's breasts, and one last one, cool on She's lips, down there between She's legs. They dressed She in the wisps that Magister Illyrio had sent up, and then the gown, a deep plum silk to bring out the violet in She's eyes. She slid the gilded sandals onto She's feet, while the old woman fixed the tiara in her hair, and slid golden bracelets crusted with amethysts around She's wrists. Last of all came the collar, a heavy golden torc emblazoned with ancient Valyrian glyphs. Now She look all a princess, She said breathlessly when They were done. She glanced at She's image in the silvered looking glass that Magister Illyrio had so thoughtfully provided. A princess, She thought, but She remembered what She had said, how Khal Drogo was so rich even Khal Drogo's slaves wore golden collars.She felt a sudden chill, and gooseflesh pimpled She's bare arms. She's brother was waiting in the cool of the entry hall, seated on the edge of the pool, Her brother's hand trailing in the water. Her brother rose when She appeared and looked She over critically. Stand there, Her brother told She. Turn around. Yes. Good. She look…  Regal, Her brother said, stepping through an archway. Her brother moved with surprising delicacy for such a massive man. Beneath loose garments of flame-colored silk, rolls of fat jiggled as Her brother walked. Gemstones glittered on every finger, and Her brother's man had oiled Her brother's forked yellow beard until his forked yellow beard shone like real gold. May the Lord of Light shower She with blessings on this most fortunate day, She, Her brother said as Her brother took She's hand. Her brother bowed Her brother's head, showing a thin glimpse of crooked yellow teeth through the gold of his forked yellow beard.She is a vision, Your Grace, a vision, he told She's brother. Drogo will be enraptured. She's too skinny, her brother said. her brother's hair, the same silver-blond as She, had been pulled back tightly behind her brother's head and fastened with a dragonbone brooch. It was a severe look that emphasized the hard, gaunt lines of her brother's face. her brother rested her brother's hand on the hilt of the sword that Illyrio had lent her brother, and said, Are Your sure that Drogo likes Drogo's women this young? She has had She's blood. She is old enough for Drogo, Illyrio told her brother, not for the first time. Look at She. That silver-gold hair, those purple eyes… She is the blood of old Valyria, no doubt, no doubt… and highborn, daughter of the old king, sister to the new, She cannot fail to entrance Drogo. When Illyrio released She's hand, She found She trembling. I suppose, her brother said doubtfully. The savages have queer tastes.Boys, horses, sheep…  Best not suggest this to Khal Drogo, Illyrio said. Anger flashed in Illyrio's lilac eyes. Do Illyrio take Illyrio for a fool? Illyrio bowed slightly. Illyrio take Illyrio for a king. Kings lack the caution of common men. Illyrio's apologies if Illyrio have given offense. Illyrio turned away and clapped Illyrio's hands for Illyrio's bearers. The streets of Pentos were pitch-dark when they set out in Illyrio's elaborately carved palanquin. Two servants went ahead to light they's way, carrying ornate oil lanterns with panes of pale blue glass, while a dozen strong men hoisted the poles to a dozen strong men's shoulders. It was warm and close inside behind the curtains. her could smell the stench of Illyrio's pallid flesh through Illyrio's heavy perfumes. her's brother, sprawled out on Her brother, sprawled out on his pillows beside her,'s pillows beside her, never noticed.His mind was away across the narrow sea. We won't need His's whole khalasar, Viserys said. Viserys's fingers toyed with the hilt of Viserys's borrowed blade, though Dany knew Viserys had never used a sword in earnest. Ten thousand, Ten thousand would be enough, Viserys could sweep the Seven Kingdoms with ten thousand Dothraki screamers. The realm will rise for The realm's . Tyrell, Redwyne, Darry, Greyjoy, Tyrell, Redwyne, Darry, Greyjoy have no more love for Viserys than Dany do. The Dornishmen burn to avenge Elia and Elia's children. And the smallfolk will be with us. the smallfolk cry out for the smallfolk's . Dany looked at Illyrio anxiously. the smallfolk do, don't the smallfolk? the smallfolk are Dany's people, and the smallfolk love Dany well, Illyrio said amiably. In holdfasts all across The realm, men lift secret toasts to Dany's health while women sew dragon banners and hide dragon banners against the day of Dany's return from across the water.He gave a massive shrug. Or so He's agents tell He. Dany had no agents, no way of knowing what anyone was doing or thinking across the narrow sea, but Dany mistrusted He's sweet words as Dany mistrusted everything about He. Dany's was nodding eagerly, however. He shall kill the Usurper He, He promised, who had never killed anyone, as He killed He's brother Rhaegar. And Lannister too, Lannister too, for what Lannister did to He's father. kill would be most fitting, He said. Dany saw the smallest hint of a smile playing around He's full lips, but Dany's did not notice. Nodding, He pushed back a curtain and stared off into the night, and Dany knew He was fighting the Battle of the Trident once again. The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo sat beside the waters of the bay, The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo's high brick walls overgrown with pale ivy. The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo had been given to Khal Drogo by the magisters of Pentos, He told them. The Free Cities were always generous with the horselords. It is not that we fear the horselords, He would explain with a smile.The Lord of Light would hold our city walls against a million Dothraki, or so the red priests promise… yet why take chances, when the red priests's friendship comes so cheap? Their palanquin was stopped at the gate, the curtains pulled roughly back by one of the house guards. one of the house guards had the copper skin and dark almond eyes of a Dothraki, but one of the house guards's face was hairless and one of the house guards wore the spiked bronze cap of the Unsullied. one of the house guards looked Their over coldly. Magister Illyrio growled something to one of the house guards in the rough Dothraki tongue; one of the house guards replied in the same voice and waved Their through the gate. Dany noticed that Dany's brother's hand was clenched tightly around the hilt of her brother's's borrowed sword. her brother's looked almost as frightened as Dany felt. Insolent eunuch, her brother's muttered as Their palanquin lurched up toward the manse. Magister Illyrio's words were honey. Many important men will be at the feast tonight. Such men have enemies. The khal must protect The khal's guests, yourself chief among his guests, yourself. No doubt the Usurper would pay well for yourself's head.Oh, yes, Viserys said darkly. Viserys has tried, Illyrio, Viserys promise Illyrio tried. Viserys's hired knives follow us everywhere. Viserys am the last dragon, and Viserys will not sleep easy while Viserys live. The palanquin slowed and stopped. The curtains were thrown back, and a slave offered a hand to help Daenerys out. a slave's collar, Daenerys noted, was ordinary bronze. Daenerys's followed, one hand still clenched hard around Viserys's sword hilt. It took two strong men to get Illyrio back on Illyrio's feet. Inside the manse, the air was heavy with the scent of spices, pinchfire and sweet lemon and cinnamon. They were escorted across the entry hall, where a mosaic of colored glass depicted the Doom of Valyria. Oil burned in black iron lanterns all along the walls. Beneath an arch of twining stone leaves, a eunuch sang They's coming.Viserys of the House Targaryen, the Third of Viserys of the House Targaryen, the Third of his Name's Name, Viserys of the House Targaryen, the Third of his Name called in a high, sweet voice, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm. Viserys of the House Targaryen, the Third of his Name's sister, Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone. Viserys of the House Targaryen, the Third of his Name's honorable host, Illyrio Mopatis, Magister of the Free City of Pentos. They stepped past the eunuch into a pillared courtyard overgrown in pale ivy. Moonlight painted the leaves in shades of bone and silver as They drifted among They. Many were Dothraki horselords, big men with red-brown skin, Many's drooping mustachios bound in metal rings, Many's black hair oiled and braided and hung with bells. Yet among Many moved bravos and sellswords from the Free City of Pentos and Myr and Tyrosh, a red priest even fatter than His honorable host, Illyrio Mopatis, Magister of the Free City of Pentos, hairy men from the Port of Ibben, and lords from the Summer Isles with skin as black as ebony. His sister, Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone looked at Many in wonder… and realized, with a sudden start of fear, that His sister, Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone was the only woman there. His honorable host, Illyrio Mopatis, Magister of the Free City of Pentos whispered to They. Those three are Drogo's bloodriders, there, His honorable host, Illyrio Mopatis, Magister of the Free City of Pentos said. By the pillar is Khal Moro, with Khal Moro, with his son Rhogoro's son Rhogoro. The man with the green beard is brother to the Archon of Tyrosh, and the man behind The man with the green beard is Ser Jorah Mormont. The last name caught His sister, Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone.A knight? No less. Illyrio smiled through Illyrio's beard. Anointed with the seven oils by the High Septon the High Septon himself. What is Illyrio doing here? she blurted. The Usurper wanted The Usurper's head, Illyrio told them. Some trifling affront. The Usurper sold some poachers to a Tyroshi slaver instead of giving some poachers to the Night's Watch. Absurd law. A man should be able to do as A man likes with A man's own chattel. I shall wish to speak with The Usurper before the night is done, I said.Dany found Dany looking at the knight curiously. the knight was an older man, past forty and balding, but still strong and fit. Instead of silks and cottons, the knight wore wool and leather. the knight's tunic was a dark green, embroidered with the likeness of a black bear standing on two legs. Dany was still looking at the knight when Magister Illyrio placed a moist hand on Dany's bare shoulder. Over there, Dany, Magister Illyrio whispered, there is the khal the khal himself. Dany wanted to run and hide, but Magister Illyrio was looking at Dany, and if Dany displeased Magister Illyrio Dany knew Dany would wake the dragon. Anxiously, Dany turned and looked at the khal himself. The slave girl had not been far wrong, Dany thought. the khal himself was a head taller than the tallest man in the room, yet somehow light on the khal himself's feet, as graceful as the panther in Magister Illyrio's menagerie. the khal himself was younger than Dany'd thought, no more than thirty. the khal himself's skin was the color of polished copper, the khal himself's thick mustachios bound with gold and bronze rings.I must go and make I's submissions, Magister Illyrio said. Wait here. Magister Illyrio shall bring him to you. you's brother took you by the arm as Magister Illyrio waddled over to him, Magister Illyrio's fingers squeezing so hard that his fingers hurt. Do you see him's braid, you? his braid was black as midnight and heavy with scented oil, hung with tiny bells that rang softly as him moved. his braid swung well past him's belt, below even him's buttocks, the end of his braid brushing against the back of him's thighs. you see how long his braid is? Viserys said. When Dothraki are defeated in combat, Dothraki cut off Dothraki's braids in disgrace, so the world will know Dothraki's shame. him has never lost a fight. him is Aegon the Dragonlord come again, and you will be him's queen.Dany looked at Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo's face was hard and cruel, Khal Drogo's eyes as cold and dark as onyx. Dany's brother hurt Dany sometimes, when Dany woke the dragon, but Her brother did not frighten Dany the way Khal Drogo frightened Dany. Dany don't want to be Khal Drogo's queen, Dany heard Dany say in a small, thin voice. Please, please, Viserys, Dany don't want to, Dany want to go home. Home? Viserys kept Viserys's voice low, but Dany could hear the fury in Viserys's tone. How are we to go home, Dany? They took we's home from we! Viserys drew Dany into the shadows, out of sight, Viserys's fingers digging into Dany's skin. How are we to go home? Viserys repeated, meaning King's Landing, and Dragonstone, and all the realm we had lost.Dany had only meant their rooms in Illyrio's estate, no true home surely, though all their had, but Dany's brother did not want to hear that. There was no home there for her brother. Even the big house with the red door had not been home for her brother. her brother's fingers dug hard into Dany's arm, demanding an answer. Dany don't know…Dany said at last, Dany's voice breaking. Tears welled in Dany's eyes. Dany do, her brother said sharply. We go home with an army, Dany. With Illyrio's's army, that is how We go home. And if Dany must wed Illyrio's and bed Illyrio's for that, Dany will. her brother smiled at Dany. her brother'd let Khal Drogo's army fuck Dany if need be, Dany, Khal Drogo's army, and Khal Drogo's army's horses too if that was what it took to get Khal Drogo's army.Be grateful it is only Drogo. In time you may even learn to like only Drogo. Now dry you's eyes. Illyrio is bringing only Drogo over, and Illyrio will not see you crying. you turned and saw that see was true. Illyrio, all smiles and bows, was escorting only Drogo over to where they stood. you brushed away unfallen tears with the back of you's hand. Smile, Viserys whispered nervously, Viserys's hand failing to the hilt of Viserys's sword. And stand up straight. Let Illyrio see that you have breasts. Gods know, you have little enough as is. you smiled, and stood up straight.