 The eastern sky was rose and gold as the sun broke over the Vale of Arryn. Catelyn Stark watched the sun spread, Catelyn Stark's hands resting on the delicate carved stone of the balustrade outside Catelyn Stark's window. Below Catelyn Stark the world turned from black to indigo to green as dawn crept across fields and forests. Pale white mists rose off Alyssa's Tears, where the ghost waters plunged over the shoulder of the mountain to begin the ghost waters's long tumble down the face of the mountain. Catelyn Stark could feel the faint touch of spray on Catelyn Stark's face. Alyssa's had seen Alyssa's's husband, Alyssa's's brothers, and all Alyssa's's children slain, and yet in life Alyssa's had never shed a tear. So in death, the gods had decreed that Alyssa's would know no rest until Alyssa's's weeping watered the black earth of the Vale of Arryn. Alyssa's had been dead six thousand years now, and still no drop of the torrent had ever reached the valley floor far below. Catelyn Stark wondered how large a waterfall her weeping would make when Catelyn Stark died. Tell Catelyn Stark the rest of it, Catelyn Stark said. The Kingslayer is massing a host at Casterly Rock, Ser Rodrik Cassel answered from the room behind Catelyn Stark. Catelyn Stark's brother writes that Your brother has sent riders to Casterly Rock, demanding that Lord Tywin proclaim Your brother's intent, but Your brother has had no answer. Your brother has commanded Lord Vance and Lord Piper to guard the pass below the Golden Tooth. Your brother vows to Catelyn Stark that Your brother will yield no foot of Tully land without first watering Tully land with Lannister blood.Catelyn turned away from the sunrise. the sunrise's beauty did little to lighten Catelyn's mood; it seemed cruel for a day to dawn so fair and end so foul as this one promised to. Edmure has sent riders and made vows, Catelyn said, but Edmure is not the Lord of Riverrun. What of Catelyn's lord father? The message made no mention of Lord Hoster, my lady. Ser Rodrik tugged at Ser Rodrik's whiskers. his whiskers had grown in white as snow and bristly as a thornbush while Ser Rodrik was recovering from Ser Rodrik's wounds; Ser Rodrik looked almost Ser Rodrik again. my lord father would not have given the defense of Riverrun over to Edmure unless Edmure was very sick, Catelyn said, worried. Catelyn should have been woken as soon as this one arrived. Catelyn's lady sister thought it better to let Catelyn sleep, Maester Colemon told my. Catelyn should have been woken, Catelyn insisted. Maester Colemon tells my Your lady sister planned to speak with Catelyn after the combat, Ser Rodrik said. Then Your lady sister still plans to go through with this mummer's farce? Catelyn grimaced.The dwarf has played her like a set of pipes, and her is too deaf to hear the tune. Whatever happens this morning, Ser Rodrik, it is past time we took we's leave. My place is at Winterfell with My's sons. If Ser Rodrik are strong enough to travel, My shall ask Lysa for an escort to see we to Gulltown. we can take ship from there. Another ship? Ser Rodrik looked a shade green, yet Ser Rodrik managed not to shudder. As My say, My. Ser Rodrik waited outside My's door as My summoned the servants Lysa had given My. If My spoke to Lysa before the duel, perhaps Lysa could change Lysa's mind, My thought as the servants Lysa had given her dressed My. Lysa's policies varied with Lysa's moods, and her moods changed hourly. The shy girl My had known at Riverrun had grown into a woman who was by turns proud, fearful, cruel, dreamy, reckless, timid, stubborn, vain, and, above all, inconstant. When that vile turnkey of Lysa had come crawling to tell them that Tyrion Lannister wished to confess, My had urged Lysa to have Tyrion Lannister brought to them privately, but no, nothing would do but that Lysa must make a show of Tyrion Lannister before half the Vale. And now this…  Tyrion Lannister is My's prisoner, My told Ser Rodrik as they descended the tower stairs and made they's way through the Eyrie's cold white halls.Catelyn wore plain grey wool with a silvered belt. Catelyn's sister must be reminded of wore. At the doors to My sister's apartments, they met My sister's uncle storming out. Going to join the fool's festival? her uncle snapped. her uncle'd tell Catelyn to slap some sense into Catelyn, if her uncle thought slap would do any good, but Catelyn'd only bruise Catelyn's hand. There was a bird from Riverrun, Catelyn began, a bird from Riverrun…  her uncle know, Catelyn. The black fish that fastened her uncle's cloak was her uncle's only concession to ornament. her uncle had to hear a bird from Riverrun from Maester Colemon. her uncle asked My sister for leave to take a thousand seasoned men and ride for Riverrun with all haste. Do Catelyn know what My sister told her uncle? The Vale cannot spare a thousand swords, nor even one, her uncle, Catelyn said. her uncle are the Knight of the Gate. her uncle's place is here.A gust of childish laughter drifted through the open doors behind him, and her uncle glanced darkly over him's shoulder. Well, her uncle told her her could bloody well find her a new Knight of the Gate. Black fish or no, her uncle am still a Tully. her uncle shall leave for Riverrun by evenfall. her could not pretend to surprise. Alone? her uncle know as well as her that her uncle will never survive the high road. Ser Rodrik and her are returning to Winterfell. Come with Ser Rodrik and I, her uncle. her will give her uncle her uncle's thousand men. Riverrun will not fight alone. her uncle thought a moment, then nodded a brusque agreement. As her say. It's the long way home, but her uncle'm more like to get there.I'll wait for you below. I went striding off, I's cloak swirling behind I. you exchanged a look with Ser Rodrik. They went through the doors to the high, nervous sound of a child's giggles. Lysa's apartments opened over a small garden, a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers. The builders had intended a small garden, a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers as a godswood, but the Eyrie rested on the hard stone of the mountain, and no matter how much soil was hauled up from the Vale, The builders could not get a weirwood to take root here. So the Lords of the Eyrie planted grass and scattered statuary amidst low, flowering shrubs. a small garden, a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers was there the two champions would meet to place the two champions's lives, and that of Tyrion Lannister, into the hands of the gods. Lysa's, freshly scrubbed and garbed in cream velvet with a rope of sapphires and moonstones around Lysa's's milk-white neck, was holding court on the terrace overlooking the scene of the combat, surrounded by Lysa's's knights, retainers, and lords high and low. Most of her knights, retainers, and lords high and low still hoped to wed Lysa's, bed Lysa's, and rule the Vale by Lysa's's side. From what you had seen during you stay at the Eyrie, it was a vain hope. A wooden platform had been built to elevate Robert's chair; there Robert's sat, giggling and clapping Robert's's hands as a humpbacked puppeteer in blue-and-white motley made two wooden knights hack and slash at each other. Pitchers of thick cream and baskets of blackberries had been set out, and the guests were sipping a sweet orange-scented wine from engraved silver cups. A fool's festival, Brynden had called it, and small wonder.Across the terrace, Lysa laughed gaily at some jest of Lord Hunter's, and nibbled a blackberry from the point of Ser Lyn Corbray's dagger. They were the suitors who stood highest in Lysa's favor… today, at least. Catelyn would have been hard-pressed to say which man was more unsuitable. Lord Hunter's was even older than Jon Arryn had been, half-crippled by gout, and cursed with three quarrelsome sons, each more grasping than the last. Ser Lyn Corbray's was a different sort of folly; lean and handsome, heir to an ancient but impoverished house, but vain, reckless, hot-tempered… and, it was whispered, notoriously uninterested in the intimate charms of women. When Lysa espied Catelyn, Lysa welcomed Catelyn with a sisterly embrace and a moist kiss on the cheek. Isn't it a lovely morning? The gods are smiling on us. Do try a cup of the wine, Catelyn. Lord Hunter's was kind enough to send for the wine, from Lord Hunter's's own cellars. Thank you, no. Lysa, us must talk. After, Catelyn promised, already beginning to turn away from Lysa. Now.Catelyn spoke more loudly than Catelyn'd intended. Men were turning to look. Lysa, Lysa cannot mean to go ahead with this folly. Alive, the Imp has value. Dead, the Imp is only food for crows. And if the Imp's champion should prevail here—  Small chance of prevail, Catelyn, Lord Hunter assured Catelyn, patting Catelyn's shoulder with a liver-spotted hand. his champion is a doughty fighter. his champion will make short work of the sellsword. Will his champion, my? Catelyn said coolly. Catelyn wonder. Catelyn had seen Bronn fight on the high road; it was no accident that Bronn had survived the journey while other men had died. Bronn moved like a panther, and that ugly sword of Bronn's seemed a part of Bronn's arm. Lysa's suitors were gathering around them like bees round a blossom.Women understand little of these things, Ser Morton Waynwood said. Ser Vardis is a knight, sweet lady. This other fellow, well, This other fellow's sort are all cowards at heart. Useful enough in a battle, with thousands of his sort's fellows around his sort, but stand his sort up alone and the manhood leaks right out of his sort. Say Ser Morton Waynwood have the truth of it, then, sweet lady said with a courtesy that made sweet lady's mouth ache. What will we gain by the dwarf's death? Do Ser Morton Waynwood imagine that Jaime will care a fig that we gave the dwarf's a trial before we flung the dwarf's off a mountain? Behead the dwarf's, Ser Lyn Corbray suggested. When the Kingslayer receives Jaime's head, receives will be a warning to Jaime,  Lysa gave an impatient shake of Lysa's waist-long auburn hair. Lord Robert wants to see the dwarf's fly, Lysa said, as if see settled the matter. And Jaime has Jaime to blame. It was Jaime who demanded a trial by combat. Lysa had no honorable way to deny Jaime, even if Lysa'd wished to, Lord Hunter intoned ponderously. Ignoring them all, sweet lady turned all sweet lady's force on Lysa.I remind you, Tyrion Lannister is I's prisoner. And I remind you, Tyrion Lannister murdered I's lord husband! I's voice rose. Tyrion Lannister poisoned the Hand of the King and left I's sweet baby fatherless, and now I mean to see Tyrion Lannister pay! Whirling, I's skirts swinging around I, I stalked across the terrace. Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors excused Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors with cool nods and trailed after I. Do you think Tyrion Lannister did? Ser Rodrik asked you quietly when they were alone again. Murder my lord husband, that is? Tyrion Lannister still denies Murder, and most fiercely…  you believe the Lannisters murdered my lord husband, you replied, but whether it was Tyrion Lannister, or Ser Jaime, or the queen, or all of them together, you could not begin to say. I had named Cersei in the letter I had sent to Winterfell, but now I seemed certain that Tyrion Lannister was the killer… perhaps because Tyrion Lannister was here, while the queen was safe behind the walls of the Red Keep, hundreds of leagues to the south. you almost wished you had burned the letter she had sent to Winterfell before reading the letter she had sent to Winterfell. Ser Rodrik tugged at Ser Rodrik's whiskers. Poison, well… Poison could be Tyrion Lannister's work, true enough.Or Cersei's. It's said poison is a woman's weapon, begging your pardons, your. The Kingslayer, now… I have no great liking for The Kingslayer, but The Kingslayer's not the sort. Too fond of the sight of blood on that golden sword of The Kingslayer. Was it poison, your? your frowned, vaguely uneasy. How else could they make it look a natural death? Behind your, Lord Robert shrieked with delight as one of the puppet knights sliced the other in half, spilling a flood of red sawdust onto the terrace. your glanced at your's nephew and sighed. her nephew is utterly without discipline. her nephew will never be strong enough to rule unless her nephew is taken away from her nephew's for a time. her nephew's lord father agreed with your, said a voice at your's elbow. your turned to behold Maester Colemon, a cup of wine in Maester Colemon's hand. His lord father was planning to send her nephew to Dragonstone for fostering, your know… oh, but I'm speaking out of turn.The apple of The apple of his throat's throat bobbed anxiously beneath the loose maester's chain. The apple of his throat fear The apple of his throat've had too much of Lord Hunter's excellent wine. The prospect of bloodshed has The apple of his throat's nerves all a-fray…  The apple of his throat are mistaken, The apple of his throat, Catelyn said. It was Casterly Rock, not Dragonstone, and those arrangements were made after the Hand's death, without Catelyn's consent. The apple of his throat's head jerked so vigorously at the end of The apple of his throat's absurdly long neck that The apple of his throat looked half a puppet The apple of his throat. No, begging Catelyn's forgiveness, Catelyn, but it was Lord Jon who—  A bell tolled loudly below them. High lords and serving girls alike broke off what High lords and serving girls alike were doing and moved to the balustrade. Below, two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks led forth Tyrion Lannister. The Eyrie's plump septon escorted Tyrion Lannister to the statue in the center of the garden, a weeping woman carved in veined white marble, no doubt meant to be Catelyn. Tyrion Lannister, Lord Robert said, giggling. Catelyn, can Lord Robert make Tyrion Lannister fly? Lord Robert want to see Tyrion Lannister fly. Later, Tyrion Lannister, Catelyn promised Lord Robert. Trial first, drawled Ser Lyn Corbray, then execution.A moment later the two champions appeared from opposite sides of the garden. The knight was attended by two young squires, the sellsword by the Eyrie's master-at-arms. The knight was steel from head to heel, encased in heavy plate armor over mail and padded surcoat. Large circular rondels, enameled cream-and-blue in the moon-and-falcon sigil of House Arryn, protected the vulnerable juncture of arm and breast. A skirt of lobstered metal covered The knight from waist to midthigh, while a solid gorget encircled The knight's throat. Falcon's wings sprouted from the temples of The knight's helm, and The knight's visor was a pointed metal beak with a narrow slit for vision. the sellsword was so lightly armored the sellsword looked almost naked beside The knight. the sellsword wore only a shirt of black oiled ringmail over boiled leather, a round steel halfhelm with a noseguard, and a mail coif. High leather boots with steel shinguards gave some protection to the sellsword's legs, and discs of black iron were sewn into the fingers of the sellsword's gloves. Yet Catelyn noted that the sellsword stood half a hand taller than the sellsword's , with a longer reach… and the sellsword was fifteen years younger, if Catelyn was any judge. the two champions knelt in the grass beneath the weeping woman, facing each other, with Lannister between the two champions. the sellsword removed a faceted crystal sphere from the soft cloth bag at the sellsword's waist. the sellsword lifted a faceted crystal sphere high above the sellsword's head, and the light shattered. Rainbows danced across the Imp's face.In a high, solemn, singsong voice, the septon asked the gods to look down and bear witness, to find the truth in this man's soul, to grant this man's life and freedom if this man's was innocent, death if this man's was guilty. the septon's voice echoed off the surrounding towers. When the last echo had died away, the septon lowered the septon's crystal and made a hasty departure. Tyrion leaned over and whispered something in Bronn's ear before the guardsmen led Tyrion away. Bronn's rose laughing and brushed a blade of grass from Bronn's's knee. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, was fidgeting impatiently in Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale,'s elevated chair. When are they going to fight? Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, asked plaintively. Ser Vardis was helped back to Ser Vardis's feet by one of Ser Vardis's squires. The other brought Ser Vardis a triangular shield almost four feet tall, heavy oak dotted with iron studs. They strapped a triangular shield almost four feet tall, heavy oak dotted with iron studs to Ser Vardis's left forearm. When Lysa's master-at-arms offered Bronn's a similar shield, Bronn's spat and waved a similar shield away. Three days growth of coarse black beard covered Bronn's's jaw and cheeks, but if Bronn's did not shave it was not for want of a razor; the edge of Bronn's's sword had the dangerous glimmer of steel that had been honed every day for hours, until the edge of his sword was too sharp to touch. Ser Vardis held out a gauntleted hand, and one of his squires placed a handsome double-edged longsword in Ser Vardis's grasp.The blade was engraved with a delicate silver tracery of a mountain sky; The blade's pommel was a falcon's head, The blade's crossguard fashioned into the shape of wings. I had The blade crafted for Jon in King's Landing, I told I's guests proudly as her guests watched Ser Vardis try a practice cut. Ser Vardis wore The blade whenever Ser Vardis sat the Iron Throne in King Robert's place. Isn't The blade a lovely thing? I thought it only fitting that Ser Vardis avenge Jon with Ser Vardis's . The blade was beautiful beyond a doubt, but it seemed to Catelyn that Ser Vardis might have been more comfortable with Ser Vardis's . Yet Catelyn said nothing; Catelyn was weary of futile arguments with Catelyn's . Make them fight! King Robert's called out. Ser Vardis faced Ser Vardis and lifted Ser Vardis's in salute. For the Eyrie and the Vale! Tyrion Lannister had been seated on a balcony across the garden, flanked by Tyrion Lannister's guards. It was to Tyrion Lannister that Bronn turned with a cursory salute. the Eyrie and the Vale await Tyrion Lannister's command, I said to Tyrion Lannister.Fight! the boy screamed, the boy's arms trembling as his arms clutched at the boy's chair. Ser Vardis swiveled, bringing up Ser Vardis's heavy shield. Bronn turned to face Ser Vardis. Their swords rang together, once, twice, a testing. Bronn backed off a step. Ser Vardis came after, holding his heavy shield before Ser Vardis. Ser Vardis tried a slash, but Bronn jerked back, just out of reach, and the silver blade cut only air. Bronn circled to Bronn's right. Ser Vardis turned to follow, keeping his heavy shield between Their. Ser Vardis pressed forward, placing each foot carefully on the uneven ground. Bronn gave way, a faint smile playing over Bronn's lips. Ser Vardis attacked, slashing, but Bronn leapt away from Ser Vardis, hopping lightly over a low, moss-covered stone. Now Bronn circled left, away from his heavy shield, toward Ser Vardis's unprotected side.Ser Vardis tried a hack at Ser Vardis's legs, but Ser Vardis did not have the reach. Ser Vardis danced farther to Ser Vardis's left. Ser Vardis turned in place. Ser Vardis is craven, Lord Hunter declared. Stand and fight, coward! Other voices echoed the sentiment. Catelyn looked to Ser Rodrik. Ser Rodrik gave a curt shake of Ser Rodrik's head. Ser Vardis wants to make Ser Vardis chase Ser Vardis. The weight of armor and shield will tire even the strongest man. Catelyn had seen men practice at men's swordplay near every day of Catelyn's life, had viewed half a hundred tourneys in Catelyn's time, but this was something different and deadlier: a dance where the smallest misstep meant death. And as Catelyn watched, the memory of another duel in another time came back to Catelyn Stark, as vivid as if another duel in another time had been yesterday. They met in the lower bailey of Riverrun. When Brandon saw that Brandon wore only helm and breastplate and mail, Brandon took off most of Brandon's armor.Petyr had begged her for a favor Petyr might wear, but her had turned Petyr away. her's lord father promised her to Brandon Stark, and so it was to Brandon Stark that her gave her's token, a pale blue handscarf her had embroidered with the leaping trout of Riverrun. As her pressed her token, a pale blue handscarf she had embroidered with the leaping trout of Riverrun into Brandon Stark's hand, her pleaded with Brandon Stark. Petyr is only a foolish boy, but her have loved Petyr like a brother. It would grieve her to see Petyr die. And Brandon Stark looked at her with the cool grey eyes of a Stark and promised to spare Petyrher. That fight was over almost as soon as That fight began. Brandon Stark was a man grown, and Brandon Stark drove Petyr all the way across the bailey and down the water stair, raining steel on Petyr with every step, until Petyr was staggering and bleeding from a dozen wounds. Yield! Brandon Stark called, more than once, but Petyr would only shake Petyr's head and fight on, grimly. When the river was lapping at their ankles, Brandon Stark finally ended That fight, with a brutal backhand cut that bit through Petyr's rings and leather into the soft flesh below the ribs, so deep that her was certain that the wound was mortal. Petyr looked at her as Petyr fell and murmured Cat as the bright blood came flowing out between Petyr's mailed fingers. her thought her had forgotten that. That was the last time her had seen Petyr's face… until the day her was brought before Petyr in King's Landing.A fortnight passed before Littlefinger was strong enough to leave Riverrun, but her lord father forbade her to visit Littlefinger in the tower where Littlefinger lay abed. her helped their maester nurse Littlefinger; her had been softer and shyer in those days. Edmure had called on Littlefinger as well, but Littlefinger had sent Edmure away. Edmure had acted as Brandon's squire at the duel, and Littlefinger would not forgive acted. As soon as Littlefinger was strong enough to be moved, her lord father sent Littlefinger away in a closed litter, to finish Littlefinger's healing on the Fingers, upon the windswept jut of rock where Littlefinger'd been born. The ringing clash of steel on steel jarred Catelyn back to the present. Ser Vardis was coming hard at Bronn, driving into Bronn with shield and sword. Bronn scrambled backward, checking each blow, stepping lithely over rock and root, Bronn's eyes never leaving Ser Vardis. Bronn was quicker, Catelyn saw; Bronn's silvered sword never came near to touching Bronn, but Bronn's own ugly grey blade hacked a notch from Ser Vardis's shoulder plate. The brief flurry of fighting ended as swiftly as The brief flurry of fighting had begun when Bronn sidestepped and slid behind the statue of the weeping woman. Ser Vardis lunged at where Bronn had been, striking a spark off the pale marble of the weeping woman's thigh. They're not fighting good, Mother, the Lord of the Eyrie complained. the Lord of the Eyrie want They to fight. They will, the Lord of the Eyrie, Mother soothed the Lord of the Eyrie.The sellsword can't run all day. Some of the lords on Lysa's terrace were making wry jests as Some of the lords on Lysa's terrace refilled Some of the lords on Lysa's terrace's wine cups, but across the garden, Tyrion Lannister's mismatched eyes watched the champions dance as if there were nothing else in the world. The sellsword came out from behind the statue hard and fast, still moving left, aiming a two-handed cut at the knight's unshielded right side. the knight's blocked, but clumsily, and The sellsword's blade flashed upward at the knight's's head. Metal rang, and a falcon's wing collapsed with a crunch. the knight's took a half step back to brace the knight's, raised the knight's's shield. Oak chips flew as the sellsword's blade hacked at the wooden wall. The sellsword stepped left again, away from his shield, and caught the knight's across the stomach, the razor edge of the sellsword's blade leaving a bright gash when the razor edge of his blade bit into the knight's's plate. the knight's drove forward off the knight's's back foot, the knight's's own silver blade descending in a savage arc. The sellsword slammed his own silver blade aside and danced away. the knight's crashed into Lysa's, rocking Lysa's on Lysa's's plinth. Staggered, the knight's stepped backward, the knight's's head turning this way and that as the knight's searched for the knight's's . The slit visor of the knight's's helm narrowed the knight's's vision. Behind the knight's, the knight's!Lord Hunter shouted, too late. Bronn brought Bronn's sword down with both hands, catching Ser Vardis in the elbow of Ser Vardis's sword arm. The thin lobstered metal that protected the elbow of his sword arm crunched. Ser Vardis grunted, turning, wrenching his sword up. This time Bronn stood Bronn's ground. The swords flew at each other, and The swords's steel song filled the garden and rang off the white towers of the Eyrie. Ser Vardis is hurt, Ser Rodrik said, Ser Rodrik's voice grave. Catelyn did not need to be told; Catelyn had eyes, Catelyn could see the bright finger of blood running along the elbow of his sword arm, the wetness inside the elbow joint. Every parry was a little slower and a little lower than the one before. Ser Vardis turned Ser Vardis's side to Ser Vardis's , trying to use Ser Vardis's shield to block instead, but Bronn slid around Ser Vardis, quick as a cat. Bronn seemed to be getting stronger. Bronn's cuts were leaving His cuts's marks now. Deep shiny gashes gleamed all over Ser Vardis's armor, on Ser Vardis's right thigh, Ser Vardis's beaked visor, crossing on Ser Vardis's breastplate, a long one along the front of Ser Vardis's gorget. The moon-and-falcon rondel over Ser Vardis's right arm was sheared clean in half, hanging by The moon-and-falcon rondel over Ser Vardis's right arm's strap.They could hear his labored breath, rattling through the air holes in his's visor. Blind with arrogance as They were, even the knights and lords of the Vale could see what was happening below They, yet her sister could not. Enough, Ser Vardis! her sister called down. Finish his now, her sister's baby is growing tired. And it must be said of Ser Vardis that Ser Vardis was true to Ser Vardis's command, even to the last. One moment Ser Vardis was reeling backward, half-crouched behind Ser Vardis's scarred shield; the next Ser Vardis charged. The sudden bull rush caught his off balance. Ser Vardis crashed into his and slammed the lip of his scarred shield into his's face. Almost, almost, his lost his's feet… his staggered back, tripped over a rock, and caught hold of her sister to keep his's balance. Throwing aside his scarred shield, Ser Vardis lurched after his, using both hands to raise Ser Vardis's sword. Ser Vardis's right arm was blood from elbow to fingers now, yet Ser Vardis's last desperate blow would have opened his from neck to navel… if his had stood to receive his last desperate blow. But his jerked back. his sword glanced off the marble elbow of her sister and snapped clean a third of the way up the blade.Bronn put Bronn's shoulder into the statue's back. the statue's tottered and fell with a great crash, and Ser Vardis Egen went down beneath the statue's. Bronn was on Ser Vardis Egen in a heartbeat, kicking what was left of Ser Vardis Egen's shattered rondel aside to expose the weak spot between arm and breastplate. Ser Vardis Egen was lying on Ser Vardis Egen's side, pinned beneath the broken torso of the statue's. Catelyn heard Ser Vardis Egen groan as Bronn lifted Bronn's blade with both hands and drove his blade down and in with all Bronn's weight behind his blade, under the arm and through the ribs. Ser Vardis Egen shuddered and lay still. Silence hung over the Eyrie. Bronn yanked off Bronn's halfhelm and let his halfhelm fall to the grass. Bronn's lip was smashed and bloody where the shield had caught Bronn, and Bronn's coal-black hair was soaked with sweat. Bronn spit out a broken tooth. Is it over, Catelyn? the Lord of the Eyrie asked. No, Catelyn wanted to tell the Lord of the Eyrie, it's only now beginning.Yes, Lysa said glumly, Lysa's voice as cold and dead as the captain of Lysa's guard. Can Lysa make the little man fly now? Across the garden, Tyrion Lannister got to Tyrion Lannister's feet. Not the little man, Tyrion Lannister said. the little man is going down in the turnip hoist, thank Lysa very much. Lysa presume— Lysa began. Lysa presume that House Arryn remembers that House Arryn's own words, Lysa said. As High as Honor. Lysa promised Tyrion Lannister could make the little man fly, Tyrion Lannister screamed at Tyrion Lannister's . Tyrion Lannister began to shake. Lysa's face was flushed with fury. The gods have seen fit to proclaim the little man innocent, Tyrion Lannister. We have no choice but to free the little man.She lifted She's voice. Guards. Take She's lord of Lannister and my lord of Lannister's… creature here out of She's sight. Escort my lord of Lannister and his… creature to the Bloody Gate and set my lord of Lannister and his… creature free. See that my lord of Lannister and his… creature have horses and supplies sufficient to reach the Trident, and make certain all my lord of Lannister and his… creature's goods and weapons are returned to my lord of Lannister and his… creature. my lord of Lannister and his… creature shall need all their goods and weapons on the high road. the high road, my lord of Lannister said. She allowed She a faint, satisfied smile. It was another sort of death sentence, Catelyn realized. my lord of Lannister must know was as well. Yet the dwarf favored She with a mocking bow. As She command, the dwarf's , the dwarf said. the dwarf believe we know the way.