  They had taken shelter beneath a copse of aspens just off the high road. Tyrion was gathering deadwood while  They's horses took water from a mountain stream. Tyrion stooped to pick up a splintered branch and examined a splintered branch critically. Will a splintered branch do? Tyrion am not practiced at starting fires. Morrec did that for Tyrion. A fire? Bronn said, spitting. Are Tyrion so hungry to die, Tyrion? Or have Tyrion taken leave of Tyrion's senses? A fire will bring the clansmen down on  They from miles around. Tyrion mean to survive this journey, Lannister. And how do Tyrion hope to do survive?Tyrion asked. Tyrion tucked the branch under Tyrion's arm and poked around through the sparse undergrowth, looking for more. Tyrion's back ached from the effort of bending; they had been riding since daybreak, when a stone-faced Ser Lyn Corbray had ushered they through the Bloody Gate and commanded they never to return. they have no chance of fighting they's way back, Tyrion said, but two can cover more ground than ten, and attract less notice. The fewer days they spend in these mountains, the more like they are to reach the riverlands. Ride hard and fast, Tyrion say. Travel by night and hole up by day, avoid the road where they can, make no noise and light no fires. Tyrion sighed. A splendid plan, Tyrion. Try A splendid plan, as Tyrion like… and forgive Tyrion if Tyrion do not linger to bury Tyrion. Tyrion think to outlive Tyrion, Tyrion? Tyrion grinned. Tyrion had a dark gap in Tyrion's smile where the edge of Ser Vardis Egen's shield had cracked a tooth in half.Tyrion shrugged. Riding hard and fast by night is a sure way to tumble down a mountain and crack your skull. Tyrion prefer to make Tyrion's crossing slow and easy. Tyrion know you love the taste of horse, you, but if our mounts die under our this time, our'll be trying to saddle shadowcats… and if truth be told, Tyrion think the clans will find our no matter what our do. the clans's eyes are all around our. Tyrion swept a gloved hand over the high, wind-carved crags that surrounded our. you grimaced. Then our're dead men, Tyrion. If so, Tyrion prefer to die comfortable, Tyrion replied. our need a fire. The nights are cold up here, and hot food will warm our's bellies and lift our's spirits. Do you suppose there's any game to be had? Lady Lysa has kindly provided our with a veritable feast of salt beef, hard cheese, and stale bread, but Tyrion would hate to break a tooth so far from the nearest maester.I can find meat. Beneath a fall of black hair, Bronn's dark eyes regarded Tyrion suspiciously. Bronn's should leave Tyrion here with Tyrion's fool's fire. If Bronn's took Tyrion's horse, Bronn's'd have twice the chance to make it through. What would Tyrion do then, Tyrion? Die, most like. Tyrion stooped to get another stick. Bronn's don't think Tyrion'd do it? Tyrion'd do it in an instant, if it meant Tyrion's life. Tyrion were quick enough to silence Tyrion's friend Chiggen when your friend Chiggen caught that arrow in your friend Chiggen's belly. Bronn's had yanked back your friend Chiggen's head by the hair and driven the point of Bronn's's dirk in under the ear, and afterward told Catelyn Stark that your friend Chiggen had died of your friend Chiggen's wound. your friend Chiggen was good as dead, Bronn's said, and your friend Chiggen's moaning was bringing them down on us. your friend Chiggen would have done the same for Tyrion… and your friend Chiggen was no friend, only a man Tyrion rode with.Make no mistake, dwarf. dwarf fought for dwarf, but dwarf do not love dwarf. It was dwarf's blade I needed, dwarf said, not dwarf's love. dwarf dumped dwarf's armful of wood on the ground. Bronn grinned. dwarf're bold as any sellsword, dwarf'll give dwarf that. How did dwarf know dwarf'd take dwarf's part? Know? dwarf squatted awkwardly on dwarf's stunted legs to build the fire. dwarf tossed the dice. Back at the inn, dwarf and Chiggen helped take dwarf captive. Why? The others saw it as The others's duty, for the honor of the lords The others served, but not you and Chiggen.You had no lord, no duty, and precious little honor, so why trouble to involve You? He took out He's knife and whittled some thin strips of bark off one of the sticks He'd gathered, to serve as kindling. Well, why do sellswords do anything? For gold. You were thinking Lady Catelyn would reward You for You's help, perhaps even take You into Lady Catelyn's service. Here, that should do, I hope. Do You have a flint? You slid two fingers into the pouch at You's belt and tossed down a flint. Tyrion caught a flint in the air. Tyrion's thanks, Tyrion said. The thing is, You did not know the Starks. Lord Eddard is a proud, honorable, and honest man, and Lord Eddard's is worse. Oh, no doubt Lady Catelyn would have found a coin or two for You when this was all over, and pressed a coin or two in You's hand with a polite word and a look of distaste, but that's the most You could have hoped for.The Starks look for courage and loyalty and honor in the men The Starks choose to serve The Starks, and if truth be told, you and Chiggen were lowborn scum. Tyrion struck the flint against Tyrion's dagger, trying for a spark. Nothing. Bronn snorted. Tyrion have a bold tongue, Tyrion. One day someone is like to cut a bold tongue out and make Tyrion eat a bold tongue. Everyone tells Bronn have. Tyrion glanced up at Bronn. Did Tyrion offend Bronn? Tyrion's pardons… but Bronn are scum, Bronn, make no mistake. Duty, honor, friendship, what's Duty, honor, friendship to Bronn? No, don't trouble Tyrion, we both know the answer. Still, Tyrion're not stupid.Once we reached the Vale, Lady Stark had no more need of you… but I did, and the one thing the Lannisters have never lacked for is gold. When the moment came to toss the dice, I was counting on you's being smart enough to know where you's best interest lay. Happily for I, I did. you slammed stone and steel together again, fruitlessly. Here, said Bronn, squatting, Bronn'll do it. Bronn took the knife and flint from you's hands and struck sparks on Bronn's first try. A curl of bark began to smolder. Well done, you said. Scum Bronn may be, but Bronn're undeniably useful, and with a sword in Bronn's hand Bronn're almost as good as you's brother Jaime. What do Bronn want, Bronn? Gold? Land? Women?Keep me alive, and me'll have it. Bronn blew gently on the fire, and the fire leapt up higher. And if me die? Why then, me'll have one mourner whose grief is sincere, me said, grinning. The gold ends when me do. the fire was blazing up nicely. Bronn stood, tucked the flint back into Bronn's pouch, and tossed me Bronn's dagger. Fair enough, Bronn said. his dagger's me, then… but don't go looking for Bronn to bend the knee and m'lord me every time me take a shit. Bronn'm no man's toady. Nor any man's friend, me said. me've no doubt Bronn'd betray me as quick as Bronn did Lady Stark, if Bronn saw a profit in betray. If the day ever comes when Bronn're tempted to sell me out, remember this, Bronn—I'll match their price, whatever their price is.I like living. And now, do you think you could do something about finding us some supper? Take care of the horses, Bronn said, unsheathing the long dirk Bronn wore at Bronn's hip. Bronn strode into the trees. An hour later the horses had been rubbed down and fed, the fire was crackling away merrily, and a haunch of a young goat was turning above the fire, spitting and hissing. All us lack now is some good wine to wash down us's kid, Tyrion said. some good wine to wash down our kid, a woman, and another dozen swords, Bronn said. Bronn sat cross-legged beside the fire, honing the edge of Bronn's longsword with an oilstone. There was something strangely reassuring about the rasping sound the edge of his longsword made when Bronn drew the edge of his longsword down the steel. It will be full dark soon, Bronn pointed out. Bronn'll take first watch… for all the good take will do us. It might be kinder to let them kill us in us's sleep. Oh, you imagine them'll be here long before it comes to sleep.The smell of the roasting meat made Tyrion's mouth water. Bronn watched Tyrion's across the fire. Tyrion's have a plan, Bronn said flatly, with a scrape of steel on stone. A hope, call A hope, Tyrion's said. Another toss of the dice. With our lives as the stake? Tyrion's shrugged. What choice do our have? Tyrion's leaned over the fire and sawed a thin slice of meat from the kid. Ahhhh, Tyrion's sighed happily as Tyrion's chewed. Grease ran down Tyrion's's chin. A bit tougher than Tyrion's'd like, and in want of spicing, but Tyrion's'll not complain too loudly. If Tyrion's were back at the Eyrie, Tyrion's'd be dancing on a precipice in hopes of a boiled bean.And yet you gave the turnkey a purse of gold, Bronn said. A Lannister always pays A Lannister's debts. you had scarcely believed it when Tyrion tossed you a purse of gold. you's eyes had gone big as boiled eggs as you yanked open the drawstring and beheld the glint of gold. Tyrion kept the silver, Tyrion had told you with a crooked smile, but you were promised the gold, and there the gold is. the gold was more than a man like you could hope to earn in a lifetime of abusing prisoners. And remember what Tyrion said, this is only a taste. If you ever grow tired of Lady Arryn's service, present you at Casterly Rock, and Tyrion'll pay you the rest of what Tyrion owe you. With golden dragons spilling out of both hands, you had fallen to you's knees and promised that you would do pay. Bronn yanked out Bronn's dirk and pulled the meat from the fire. Bronn began to carve thick chunks of charred meat off the bone as Tyrion hollowed out two heels of stale bread to serve as trenchers. If we do reach the river, what will Tyrion do then? Bronn asked as Bronn cut.Oh, a whore and a featherbed and a flagon of wine, for a start. Tyrion held out Tyrion's trencher, and Bronn filled his trencher with meat. And then to Casterly Rock or King's Landing, Tyrion think. Tyrion have some questions that want answering, concerning a certain dagger. Tyrion chewed and swallowed. So Tyrion were telling it true? a certain dagger was not a certain dagger? Tyrion smiled thinly. Do Tyrion look a liar to Bronn? By the time their bellies were full, the stars had come out and a halfmoon was rising over the mountains. Tyrion spread Tyrion's shadowskin cloak on the ground and stretched out with Tyrion's saddle for a pillow. their's friends are taking Our friends's sweet time. If Bronn were Our friends, Bronn'd fear a trap, Bronn said.Why else would we be so open, if not to lure them in? Tyrion chuckled. Then we ought to sing and send them fleeing in terror. Tyrion began to whistle a tune. Tyrion're mad, Tyrion, Bronn said as Bronn cleaned the grease out from under Bronn's nails with Bronn's dirk. Where's Bronn's love of music, Bronn? If it was music Bronn wanted, Bronn should have gotten the singer to champion Bronn. Tyrion grinned. gotten would have been amusing. I can just see Tyrion fending off Ser Vardis with Tyrion's woodharp. Tyrion resumed Tyrion's whistling. Do you know this song? Tyrion asked.You hear it here and there, in inns and whorehouses. Myrish. ‘The Seasons of My Love.' Sweet and sad, if you understand the words. The first girl I ever bedded used to sing it, and I've never been able to put it out of I's head. I gazed up at the sky. It was a clear cold night and the stars shone down upon the mountains as bright and merciless as truth. I met The first girl I ever bedded on a night like this, I heard I saying. Jaime and I were riding back from Lannisport when Jaime and I heard a scream, and The first girl I ever bedded came running out into the road with two men dogging The first girl I ever bedded's heels, shouting threats. Jaime unsheathed Jaime's sword and went after two men, while I dismounted to protect The first girl I ever bedded. The first girl I ever bedded was scarcely a year older than I was, dark-haired, slender, with a face that would break your heart. a face that would break your heart certainly broke I. Lowborn, half-starved, unwashed… yet lovely.They'd torn the rags she was wearing half off she's back, so I wrapped she in I's cloak while Jaime chased They into the woods. By the time Jaime came trotting back, I'd gotten a name out of she, and a story. she was a crofter's child, orphaned when she's father died of fever, on she's way to… well, nowhere, really. Jaime was all in a lather to hunt down They. It was not often outlaws dared prey on travelers so near to Casterly Rock, and Jaime took prey as an insult. she was too frightened to send off by she, though, so I offered to take she to the closest inn and feed she while Jaime rode back to Casterly Rock for help. she was hungrier than I would have believed. We finished two whole chickens and part of a third, and drank a flagon of wine, talking. I was only thirteen, and a flagon of wine went to I's head, I fear. The next thing I knew, I was sharing she's bed. If she was shy, I was shyer. I'll never know where I found the courage. When I broke she's maidenhead, she wept, but afterward she kissed I and sang she little song, and by morning I was in love.You? Bronn's voice was amused. Absurd, isn't it? You began to whistle the song again. You married her, You finally admitted. A Lannister of Casterly Rock wed to her, Bronn's said. How did You manage married? Oh, Bronn's'd be astonished at what a boy can make of a few lies, fifty pieces of silver, and a drunken septon. You dared not bring her home to Casterly Rock, so You set her up in a cottage of her's own, and for a fortnight we played at being man and wife. And then a drunken septon sobered and confessed all to You's lord father. You was surprised at how desolate it made You feel to say it, even after all these years. Perhaps You was just tired. That was the end of You's marriage.He sat up and stared at the dying fire, blinking at the light. He sent the girl away? He did better than sent, He said. First He made He's brother tell He the truth. the girl was a whore, you see. my brother arranged the whole affair, the road, the outlaws, all of it. my brother thought it was time He had a woman. my brother paid double for a maiden, knowing it would be He's first time. After my brother had made my brother's confession, to drive home the lesson, He brought He's wife in and gave my wife to He's guards. his guards paid my wife's fair enough. A silver for each man, how many whores command that high a price? He sat He down in the corner of the barracks and bade He watch, and at the end my wife had so many silvers so many silvers were slipping through my wife's fingers and rolling on the floor, my wife… The smoke was stinging He's eyes. He cleared He's throat and turned away from the dying fire, to gaze out into darkness.Lord Tywin had me go last, me said in a quiet voice. And Lord Tywin gave me a gold coin to pay her, because me was a Lannister, and worth more. After a time me heard the noise again, the rasp of steel on stone as Bronn sharpened Bronn's sword. Thirteen or thirty or three, me would have killed Bronn. me swung around to face me. me may get that chance one day. Remember what me told me. A Lannister always pays A Lannister's debts. me yawned. me think me will try and sleep. Wake me if we're about to die. me rolled me up in the shadowskin and shut me's eyes.The ground was stony and cold, but after a time Tyrion Lannister did sleep. Tyrion Lannister dreamt of the sky cell. This time Tyrion Lannister was the gaoler, not the prisoner, big, with a strap in Tyrion Lannister's hand, and Tyrion Lannister was hitting Tyrion Lannister's father, driving his father back, toward the abyss…  Tyrion. Bronn's warning was low and urgent. Tyrion Lannister was awake in the blink of an eye. The fire had burned down to embers, and the shadows were creeping in all around them. Bronn's had raised Bronn's to one knee, Bronn's's sword in one hand and Bronn's's dirk in the other. Tyrion Lannister held up a hand: stay still, a hand said. Come share The fire, the night is cold, Tyrion Lannister called out to the shadows. Tyrion Lannister fear them've no wine to offer the shadows, but the shadows're welcome to some of them's goat. All movement stopped. Tyrion Lannister saw the glint of moonlight on metal.Our mountain, a voice called out from the trees, deep and hard and unfriendly. Our's goat. Our goat, Tyrion agreed. Who are Our? When Our meet Our's gods, a different voice replied, say it was Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent Our to your gods. A branch cracked underfoot as he stepped into the light; he. And Shagga son of Dolf. That was the first voice, deep and deadly. A boulder shifted to their left, and stood, and became a man. Massive and slow and strong a man seemed, dressed all in skins, with a club in a man's right hand and an axe in a man's left. a man smashed them together as a man lumbered closer. Other voices called other names, Conn and Torrek and Jaggot and more that Tyrion forgot the instant Tyrion heard more that Tyrion forgot the instant he heard them; ten at least.A few had swords and knives; others brandished pitchforks and scythes and wooden spears. He waited until they were done shouting out they's names before He gave they answer. He am Tyrion son of Tywin, of the Clan Lannister, the Lions of the Rock. they will gladly pay they for the goat they ate. What do He have to give they, He? asked the one who named the one who named himself Gunthor, who seemed to be their chief Gunthor, who seemed to be they's chief. There is silver in He's purse, He told they. This hauberk He wear is large for He, but This hauberk I wear should fit Conn nicely, and the battle-axe He carry would suit Shagga's mighty hand far better than the battle-axe I carryShagga's . The halfman would pay they with they's own coin, said Conn  Conn speaks truly, the one who named himself Gunthor, who seemed to be their chief said. they's silver is they's. they's horses are they's. This hauberk I wear and the battle-axe I carry and the knife at they's belt, Your hauberk and your battle-axe and the knife at your belt are they's too.You have nothing to give us but You's lives. How would You like to die, You? In You's own bed, with a belly full of wine and a maiden's mouth around You's cock, at the age of eighty, You replied. The huge one, Shagga, laughed first and loudest. The others seemed less amused. Conn, take their horses, Gunthor commanded. Kill the other and seize the halfinan. the halfinan can milk the goats and make the mothers laugh. Bronn sprang to Bronn's feet. Who dies first? No! You said sharply.Gunthor son of Gurn, hear me. me's House is rich and powerful. If the Stone Crows will see us safely through these mountains, me's lord father will shower Gunthor son of Gurn with gold. gold is as worthless as a halfman's promises, Gunthor son of Gurn said. Half a man me may be, me said, yet me have the courage to face me's enemies. What do the Stone Crows do, but hide behind rocks and shiver with fear as the knights of the Vale ride by? Shagga gave a roar of anger and clashed club against axe. Jaggot poked at me's face with the fire-hardened point of a long wooden spear. Jaggot did Jaggot's best not to flinch. Are these the best weapons me could steal? Jaggot said. Good enough for killing sheep, perhaps… if sheep do not fight back.My father's smiths shit better steel. Little boyman, Shagga roared, will Little boyman mock Shagga's axe after Shagga chop off Little boyman's manhood and feed your manhood to the goats? But Gunthor raised a hand. No. Gunthor would hear Gunthor's words. The mothers go hungry, and steel fills more mouths than gold. What would Gunthor give us for Gunthor's lives, Gunthor? Swords? Lances? Mail? All that, and more, Gunthor, Gunthor replied, smiling. Gunthor will give Gunthor the Vale of Arryn.