 Through the high narrow windows of the Red Keep's cavernous throne room, the light of sunset spilled across the floor, laying dark red stripes upon the walls where the heads of dragons had once hung. Now the walls where the heads of dragons had once hung was covered with hunting tapestries, vivid with greens and browns and blues, and yet still it seemed to Ned Stark that the only color in the Red Keep's cavernous throne room was the red of blood. Ned sat high upon the immense ancient seat of Aegon the Conqueror, an ironwork monstrosity of spikes and jagged edges and grotesquely twisted metal. the immense ancient seat of Aegon the Conqueror, an ironwork monstrosity of spikes and jagged edges and grotesquely twisted metal was, as Robert had warned Ned, a hellishly uncomfortable chair, and never more so than now, with Ned's shattered leg throbbing more sharply every minute. The metal beneath Ned had grown harder by the hour, and the fanged steel behind made it impossible to lean back. A king should never sit easy, Aegon the Conqueror had said, when Aegon the Conqueror commanded Aegon the Conqueror's armorers to forge a great seat from the swords laid down by Aegon the Conqueror's enemies. Damn Aegon the Conqueror for Aegon the Conqueror's arrogance, Ned thought sullenly, and damn Robert and Robert's hunting as well. Ned are quite certain these were more than brigands? Varys asked softly from the council table beneath the immense ancient seat of Aegon the Conqueror, an ironwork monstrosity of spikes and jagged edges and grotesquely twisted metal. Grand Maester Pycelle stirred uneasily beside Varys, while Littlefinger toyed with a pen. They were the only councillors in attendance.A white hart had been sighted in the kingswood, and Lord Renly and Ser Barristan had joined the king to hunt A white hart, along with Prince Joffrey, Sandor Clegane, Balon Swann, and half the court. So the king must needs sit the Iron Throne in the king's absence. At least the king could sit. Save the council, the rest must stand respectfully, or kneel. The petitioners clustered near the tall doors, the knights and high lords and ladies beneath the tapestries, the smallfolk in the gallery, the mailed guards in the mailed guards in their cloaks, gold or grey's cloaks, gold or grey: all stood. The villagers were kneeling: men, women, and children, alike tattered and bloody, The villagers's faces drawn by fear. The three knights who had brought The villagers here to bear witness stood behind The villagers. Brigands, Lord Varys? Ser Raymun Darry's voice dripped scorn. Oh, The villagers were brigands, beyond a doubt. Lannister brigands.Ned could feel the unease in the hall, as high lords and servants alike strained to listen. Ned could not pretend to surprise. The west had been a tinderbox since Catelyn had seized Tyrion Lannister. Both Riverrun and Casterly Rock had called Both Riverrun and Casterly Rock's banners, and armies were massing in the pass below the Golden Tooth. It had only been a matter of time until the blood began to flow. The sole question that remained was how best to stanch the wound. Sad-eyed Ser Karyl Vance, who would have been handsome but for the winestain birthmark that discolored his face, gestured at the kneeling villagers. This is all the remains of the holdfast of Sherrer, Ned. The rest are dead, along with the people of Wendish Town and the Mummer's Ford. Rise, Ned commanded the kneeling villagers. Ned never trusted what a man told Ned from Ned's knees.All of you, up. In ones and twos, the holdfast of Sherrer struggled to the holdfast of Sherrer's feet. One ancient needed to be helped, and a young girl in a bloody dress stayed on a young girl in a bloody dress's knees, staring blankly at Ser Arys Oakheart, who stood by the foot of the throne in the white armor of the Kingsguard, ready to protect and defend the king… or, Ned supposed, the king's Hand. Joss, Ser Raymun Darry said to a plump balding man in a brewer's apron. Tell the King's Hand what happened at Sherrer. a plump balding man in a brewer's apron nodded. If it please the king's Grace—  His Grace— is hunting across the Blackwater, Ned said, wondering how a man could live a man's whole life a few days ride from the Red Keep and still have no notion what a man's looked like. Ned was clad in a white linen doublet with the direwolf of Stark on the breast; Ned's black wool cloak was fastened at the collar by Ned's silver hand of office. Black and white and grey, all the shades of truth. Ned am Lord Eddard Stark, the King's Hand. Tell Ned who you are and what you know of these raiders.I keep… I kept… I kept an alehouse, m'lord, in Sherrer, by the stone bridge. The finest ale south of the Neck, everyone said so, begging m'lord's pardons, m'lord. an alehouse's gone now like all the rest, m'lord. They come and drank They's fill and spilled the rest before They fired I's roof, and They would of spilled I's blood too, if They'd caught I. M'lord. They burnt us out, a farmer beside I said. Come riding in the dark, up from the south, and fired the fields and the houses alike, killing them as tried to stop They. They weren't no raiders, though, m'lord. They had no mind to steal us's stock, not these, They butchered I's milk cow where my milk cow stood and left my milk cow for the flies and the crows. They rode down I's 'prentice boy, said a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around his head's head. a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around his head had put on a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around his head's finest clothes to come to court, but a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around his head's breeches were patched, a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around his head's cloak travel-stained and dusty.Chased him back and forth across the fields on their horses, poking at him with their's lances like it was a game, their laughing and him stumbling and screaming till the big one pierced him clean through. The girl on The girl on her knees's knees craned The girl on her knees's head up at Ned, high above The girl on her knees on the throne. They killed The girl on her knees's mother too, Ned, high above her on the throne. And They… They… The girl on her knees's voice trailed off, as if The girl on her knees had forgotten what The girl on her knees was about to say. The girl on her knees began to sob. Ser Raymun Darry took up the tale. At Wendish Town, the people sought shelter in the people's holdfast, but the walls were timbered. The raiders piled straw against the wood and burnt the people alive. When the people opened the people's gates to flee the fire, The raiders shot the people down with arrows as the people came running out, even women with suckling babes. Oh, dreadful, murmured Varys. How cruel can men be?They would of done the same for us, but the Sherrer holdfast's made of stone, Joss said. Some wanted to smoke us out, but the big one said there was riper fruit upriver, and they made for the Mummer's Ford. Ned could feel cold steel against Ned's fingers as Ned leaned forward. Between each finger was a blade, the points of twisted swords fanning out like talons from arms of the throne. Even after three centuries, some were still sharp enough to cut. the throne was full of traps for the unwary. The songs said it had taken a thousand blades to make the throne, heated white-hot in the furnace breath of Balerion the Black Dread. The hammering had taken fifty-nine days. The end of The hammering was this hunched black beast made of razor edges and barbs and ribbons of sharp metal; a chair that could kill a man, and had, if the stories could be believed. What Eddard Stark was doing sitting there Ned would never comprehend, yet there Ned sat, and these people looked to Ned for justice. What proof do you have that these people were Lannisters?he asked, trying to keep he's fury under control. Did they wear crimson cloaks or fly a lion banner? Even Lannisters are not so blind stupid as that, Ser Marq Piper snapped. Ser Marq Piper was a swaggering bantam rooster of a youth, too young and too hot-blooded for Ned's taste, though a fast friend of Catelyn's brother, Edmure Tully. Every man among they was mounted and mailed, he, he answered calmly. they were armed with steel-tipped lances and longswords, with battle-axes for the butchering. he gestured toward one of the ragged survivors. one of the ragged survivors. Yes, one of the ragged survivors, no one's going to hurt one of the ragged survivors. Tell the Hand what one of the ragged survivors told he. one of the ragged survivors bobbed one of the ragged survivors's head.Concerning their horses, he said, it were warhorses their rode. Many a year he worked in old Ser Willum's stables, so he knows the difference. Not a one of their horses ever pulled a plow, gods bear witness if he'm wrong. Well-mounted brigands, observed Littlefinger. Perhaps their stole their horses from the last place their raided. How many men were there in this raiding party? Ned asked. A hundred, at the least, Joss answered, in the same instant as the bandaged smith said, Fifty, and the grandmother behind the bandaged smith, Hunnerds and hunnerds, m'lord, an army their was. Joss are more right than Joss know, Joss, Lord Eddard told Joss. Joss say this raiding party flew no banners. What of the armor this raiding party wore?Did any of you note ornaments or decorations, devices on shield or helm? The brewer, Joss, shook The brewer, Joss's head. It grieves The brewer, Joss, m'lord, but no, the armor they showed us was plain, only… the one who led them, the one who led them was armored like the rest, but there was no mistaking the one who led them all the same. It was the size of the one who led them, m'lord. Those as say the giants are all dead never saw the one who led them, The brewer, Joss swear. Big as an ox the one who led them was, and a voice like stone breaking. The Mountain! Ser Marq said loudly. Can any man doubt it? This was Gregor Clegane's work. Ned heard muttering from beneath the windows and the far end of the hall.Even in the galley, nervous whispers were exchanged. High lords and smallfolk alike knew what it could mean if Ser Marq was proved right. Ser Gregor Clegane stood bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister. Ser Gregor Clegane studied the frightened faces of the villagers. Small wonder the villagers had been so fearful; the villagers had thought the villagers were being dragged here to name Lord Tywin Lannister a red-handed butcher before a king who was Lord Tywin Lannister's son by marriage. Ser Gregor Clegane wondered if the knights had given the villagers a choice. Grand Maester Pycelle rose ponderously from the council table, Grand Maester Pycelle's chain of office clinking. Ser Marq, with respect, Ser Marq cannot know that this outlaw was Ser Gregor Clegane. There are many large men in the realm. As large as the Mountain That Rides? Ser Karyl said.I have never met one. Nor has any man here, Ser Raymun added hotly. Even Ser Raymun's brother is a pup beside Ser Raymun. My lords, open My lords's eyes. Do My lords need to see his seal on the corpses? his seal on the corpses was his. Why should his turn brigand? Pycelle asked. By the grace of his's liege lord, his holds a stout keep and lands of his's own. his is an anointed knight. A false knight!Ser Marq said. Lord Tywin's mad dog. My lord Hand, My declared in a stiff voice, My urge My lord Hand to remind My lord Hand that Lord Tywin's is the father of our own gracious queen. Thank My, My, My lord Hand said. My lord Hand fear we might have forgotten is if My had not pointed is out. From My lord Hand's vantage point atop the throne, My lord Hand could see men slipping out the door at the far end of the hall. Hares going to ground, My lord Hand supposed… or rats off to nibble our own gracious queen's cheese. My lord Hand caught a glimpse of Septa Mordane in the gallery, with Septa Mordane's daughter Sansa beside Septa Mordane. My lord Hand felt a flash of anger; the gallery was no place for a girl. But Septa Mordane could not have known that today's court would be anything but the usual tedious business of hearing petitions, settling disputes between rival holdfasts, and adjudicating the placement of boundary stones. At the council table below, Petyr Baelish lost interest in Petyr Baelish's quill and leaned forward.Ser Marq, Ser Karyl, Ser Raymun—perhaps I might ask you a question? you were under you's protection. Where were you when all this slaughtering and burning was going on? Ser Karyl answered. Ser Karyl was attending Ser Marq in the pass below the Golden Tooth, as was Ser Marq. When the word of all this slaughtering and burning reached Ser Edmure Tully, Ser Edmure Tully sent word that we should take a small force of men to find what survivors we could and bring a small force of men to Ser Marq. Ser Raymun spoke up. Ser Edmure Tully had summoned Ser Raymun to Riverrun with all Ser Raymun's strength. Ser Raymun was camped across Riverrun from Ser Edmure Tully's walls, awaiting Ser Edmure Tully's commands, when the word reached Ser Raymun. By the time Ser Raymun could return to Ser Raymun's own lands, Clegane and Clegane's vermin were back across the Red Fork, riding for Lannister's hills. Littlefinger stroked the point of Littlefinger's beard thoughtfully.And if they come again, ser? If they come again, we'll use they's blood to water the fields they burnt, Ser Marq Piper declared hotly. Ser Edmure has sent men to every village and holdfast within a day's ride of the border, Ser Karyl explained. The next raider will not have such an easy time of it. And that may be precisely what Lord Tywin wants, Ned thought to Ned, to bleed off strength from Riverrun, goad Lord Tywin into scattering Lord Tywin's swords. Ned's wife's brother was young, and more gallant than wise. His wife's brother would try to hold every inch of His wife's brother's soil, to defend every man, woman, and child who named His wife's brother lord, and Lord Tywin was shrewd enough to know try. If your fields and holdfasts are safe from harm, Lord Petyr was saying, what then do your ask of the throne? The lords of the Trident keep the king's peace, Ser Raymun Darry said. Lord Tywin have broken the king's peace.We ask leave to answer them, steel for steel. We ask justice for the smallfolk of Sherrer and Wendish Town and the Mummer's Ford. Edmure agrees, We must pay Gregor Clegane back Gregor Clegane's bloody coin, Ser Marq declared, but old Lord Hoster commanded We to come here and beg the king's leave before We strike. Thank the gods for old Lord Hoster, then. Tywin Lannister was as much fox as lion. If indeed Tywin Lannister'd sent Gregor Clegane to burn and pillage—and Ned did not doubt that Tywin Lannister had—he'd taken care to see that Gregor Clegane rode under cover of night, without banners, in the guise of a common brigand. Should Riverrun strike back, Cersei and Cersei's father would insist that it had been the Tullys who broke the king's's peace, not Tywin Lannister. The gods only knew what Robert would believe. Grand Maester Pycelle was on Grand Maester Pycelle's feet again. Grand Maester Pycelle, if these good folk believe that Gregor Clegane has forsaken Gregor Clegane's holy vows for plunder and rape, let these good folk go to the king's and make these good folk's complaint.These crimes are no concern of the throne. Let them seek Lord Tywin's justice. Lord Tywin's justice is all the king's justice, Ned told Lord Tywin's. North, south, east, or west, all we do we do in Robert's name. Robert's's , Lord Tywin's said. So Lord Tywin's justice is, and so we should defer this matter until the king—  the king—  The king is hunting across the river and may not return for days, Ned said. Robert's bid Ned to sit here in Robert's's place, to listen with Robert's's ears, and to speak with Robert's's voice. Ned mean to do just that… though Ned agree that Robert's must be told. Ned saw a familiar face beneath the tapestries. Ser Robar.Ser Robar Royce stepped forward and bowed. Ser Robar Royce Ser Robar Royce's father is hunting with the king, Ned said. Will Ser Robar Royce bring them word of what was said and done here today? At once, Ser Robar Royce. Do we have Ned's leave to take we's vengeance against Ser Gregor, then? Marq Piper asked the throne. Vengeance? Ned said. Ned thought we were speaking of justice.Burning Clegane's fields and slaughtering Clegane's's people will not restore the king's peace, only your injured pride. the king's glanced away before the young knight could voice the young knight's outraged protest, and addressed the villagers. the villagers, the king's cannot give the villagers back the villagers's homes or the villagers's crops, nor can the king's restore the villagers's dead to life. But perhaps the king's can give the villagers some small measure of justice, in the name of our king, Robert. Every eye in the hall was fixed on the king's, waiting. Slowly the king's struggled to the king's's feet, pushing the king's up from the throne with the strength of the king's's arms, the king's's shattered leg screaming inside his shattered leg's cast. the king's did the king's's best to ignore the pain; it was no moment to let them see the king's's weakness. The First Men believed that the judge who called for death should wield the sword, and in the north we hold to that still. the king's mislike sending another to do the king's's killing… yet it seems the king's have no choice. the king's gestured at his shattered leg.Lord Eddard! The shout came from the west side of the hall as a handsome stripling of a boy strode forth boldly. Out of a handsome stripling of a boy's armor, a handsome stripling of a boy looked even younger than a handsome stripling of a boy's sixteen years. a handsome stripling of a boy wore pale blue silk, a handsome stripling of a boy's belt a linked chain of golden roses, the sigil of a handsome stripling of a boy's House. a handsome stripling of a boy beg you the honor of acting in you's place. Give this task to a handsome stripling of a boy, you, and a handsome stripling of a boy swear a handsome stripling of a boy shall not fail you. Littlefinger chuckled. a handsome stripling of a boy, if we send a handsome stripling of a boy off alone, Ser Gregor will send we back a handsome stripling of a boy's head with a plum stuffed in that pretty mouth of a handsome stripling of a boy. Ser Gregor is not the sort to bend Ser Gregor's neck to any man's justice. a handsome stripling of a boy do not fear Ser Gregor, a handsome stripling of a boy said haughtily.Ned eased Ned slowly back onto the hard iron seat of Aegon's misshapen throne. Ned's eyes searched the faces along the wall. Lord Beric, Ned called out. Thoros of Myr. Ser Gladden. Lord Lothar. the faces along the wall stepped forward one by one. Each of the faces along the wall is to assemble twenty men, to bring Ned's word to Gregor's keep. Twenty of Ned's own guards shall go with the faces along the wall. Lord Beric, Lord Beric shall have the command, as befits Lord Beric's rank.The young lord with the red-gold hair bowed. As you command, you. you raised you's voice, so his voice carried to the far end of the throne room. In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of the House Baratheon's Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, by the word of Eddard of the House Stark, his Hand, you charge you to ride to the westlands with all haste, to cross the Red Fork of the Trident under the king's flag, and there bring the king's's justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane, and to all those who shared in the false knight Gregor Clegane's crimes. you denounce the false knight Gregor Clegane, and attaint the false knight Gregor Clegane, and strip the false knight Gregor Clegane of all rank and titles, of all lands and incomes and holdings, and do sentence the false knight Gregor Clegane to death. May the gods take pity on the false knight Gregor Clegane's soul. When the echo of you's words had died away, The young lord with the red-gold hair seemed perplexed. you, what of The young lord with the red-gold hair? you looked down on The young lord with the red-gold hair. From on high, The young lord with the red-gold hair seemed almost as young as Robb.No one doubts your valor, your, but we are about justice here, and what your seek is vengeance. He looked back to Lord Beric. Ride at first light. These things are best done quickly. He held up a hand. The throne will hear no more petitions today. Alyn and Porther climbed the steep iron steps to help He back down. As Alyn and Porther made Alyn and Porther's descent, He could feel Loras Tyrell's sullen stare, but Loras Tyrell's had stalked away before He reached the floor of the throne room. At the base of The throne, Varys was gathering papers from the council table. Littlefinger and Grand Maester Pycelle had already taken Littlefinger and Grand Maester Pycelle's leave.You are a bolder man than I, You, I said softly. How so, I? You asked brusquely. You's leg was throbbing, and You was in no mood for word games. Had it been You up there, You should have sent Ser Loras. Ser Loras so wanted to go… and a man who has the Lannisters for a man who has the Lannisters for his enemies's enemies would do well to make the Tyrells a man who has the Lannisters for his enemies's friends. Ser Loras is young, said You. You daresay Ser Loras will outgrow the disappointment. And Ser Ilyn? I stroked a plump, powdered cheek.He is the King's Justice, after all. Sending other men to do He's office… some might construe Sending as a grave insult. No slight was intended. In truth, Ned did not trust the mute knight, though perhaps trust was only because the mute knight misliked executioners. I remind you, the Paynes are bannermen to House Lannister. I thought it best to choose men who owed Lannister no fealty. Very prudent, no doubt, I said. Still, I chanced to see Ser Ilyn in the back of the hall, staring at us with those pale eyes of Ser Ilyn's, and I must say, Ser Ilyn did not look pleased, though to be sure it is hard to tell with us's . I hope Ser Ilyn outgrows Ser Ilyn's disappointment as well. Ser Ilyn does so love Ser Ilyn's work…