 He wouldn't send Ser Loras, Sansa told Jeyne Poole that night as they shared a cold supper by lamplight. Sansa think it was because of Ser Loras's leg. Ser Loras had taken Ser Loras's supper in Ser Loras's bedchamber with Alyn, Harwin, and Vayon Poole, the better to rest his leg, and Septa Mordane had complained of sore feet after standing in the gallery all day. Arya was supposed to join them, but Arya was late coming back from Arya's dancing lesson. his leg? Jeyne Poole said uncertainly. Jeyne Poole was a pretty, dark-haired girl of Sansa's own age. Did Ser Loras hurt his leg? Not his leg, Sansa said, nibbling delicately at a chicken leg. He's , silly. his leg hurts Ser Loras ever so much, his leg makes Ser Loras cross.Otherwise I'm certain he would have sent Ser Loras. he's decision still bewildered I. When Ser Loras had spoken up, I'd been sure I was about to see one of Old Nan's stories come to life. Ser Gregor was the monster and Ser Loras the true hero who would slay Ser Gregor. Ser Loras even looked a true hero, so slim and beautiful, with golden roses around Ser Loras's slender waist and Ser Loras's rich brown hair tumbling down into Ser Loras's eyes. And then he had refused Ser Loras! refused had upset I more than I could tell. I had said as much to Septa Mordane as they descended the stairs from the gallery, but Septa Mordane had only told I it was not I's place to question he's decisions. That was when I had said, Oh, I don't know, Septa Mordane. Some of her lord father's decisions could do with a bit of questioning. I is as wise as I is lovely.He made a sweeping bow to Sansa, so deep Sansa was not quite sure if Sansa was being complimented or mocked. Septa Mordane had been very upset to realize that He had overheard them. Sansa was just talking, Septa Mordane's , Septa Mordane'd said. Foolish chatter. Sansa meant nothing by the comment. He stroked He's little pointed beard and said, Nothing? Tell He, Sansa, why would Sansa have sent Ser Loras? Sansa had no choice but to explain about heroes and monsters. He smiled. Well, those are not the reasons He'd have given, but… He had touched Sansa's cheek, He's thumb lightly tracing the line of a cheekbone. Life is not a song, Sansa.You may learn that one day to You's sorrow. Sansa did not feel like telling all that to You, however; it made Sansa uneasy just to think back on all that. Ser Ilyn's the King's Justice, not Ser Loras, You said. Lord Eddard should have sent Ser Ilyn. Sansa shuddered. Every time Sansa looked at Ser Ilyn, Sansa shivered. Ser Ilyn made Sansa feel as though something dead were slithering over Sansa's naked skin. Ser Ilyn's almost like a second monster. Sansa'm glad the King's didn't pick Ser Ilyn. Lord Beric is as much a hero as Ser Loras. Lord Beric's ever so brave and gallant.I suppose, Sansa said doubtfully. Beric Dondarrion was handsome enough, but Beric Dondarrion was awfully old, almost twenty-two; the Knight of Flowers would have been much better. Of course, Jeyne had been in love with Beric Dondarrion ever since Jeyne had first glimpsed Beric Dondarrion in the lists. Sansa thought Jeyne was being silly; Jeyne was only a steward's daughter, after all, and no matter how much Jeyne mooned after Beric Dondarrion, Beric Dondarrion would never look at someone so far beneath Beric Dondarrion, even if Jeyne hadn't been half Beric Dondarrion's age. It would have been unkind to say so, however, so Sansa took a sip of milk and changed the subject. Sansa had a dream that Joffrey would be the one to take the white hart, Sansa said. a dream that Joffrey would be the one to take the white hart had been more of a wish, actually, but it sounded better to call a dream that Joffrey would be the one to take the white hart a dream. Everyone knew that dreams were prophetic. White harts were supposed to be very rare and magical, and in Sansa's heart Sansa knew Joffrey was worthier than Joffrey's drunken father. A dream? Truly?Did Prince Joffrey just go up to it and touch it with Prince Joffrey's bare hand and do it no harm? No, Sansa said. Prince Joffrey shot it with a golden arrow and brought it back for Sansa. In the songs, the knights never killed magical beasts, the knights just went up to magical beasts and touched magical beasts and did magical beasts no harm, but Sansa knew Prince Joffrey liked hunting, especially the killing part. Only animals, though. Sansa was certain Sansa's had no part in murdering Jory and those other poor men; that had been Prince Joffrey's wicked uncle, the Kingslayer. Sansa knew Sansa's father was still angry about that, but it wasn't fair to blame Prince Joffrey. blame would be like blaming Sansa for something that Arya had done. I saw Arya this afternoon, I blurted out, as if I'd been reading Sansa's thoughts. Arya was walking through the stables on Arya's hands. Why would Arya do a thing like that?I'm sure I don't know why Arya does anything. Sansa hated stables, smelly places full of manure and flies. Even when Sansa went riding, Sansa liked the boy to saddle the horse and bring the horse to Sansa in the yard. Do I want to hear about the court or not? I do, I said. There was a black brother, Sansa said, begging men for the Wall, only a black brother was kind of old and smelly. Sansa hadn't liked was at all. Sansa had always imagined the Night's Watch to be men like Uncle Benjen. In the songs, the Night's Watch were called the black knights of the Wall. But a black brother had been crookbacked and hideous, and a black brother looked as though a black brother might have lice. If this was what the Night's's was truly like, Sansa felt sorry for Sansa's bastard half brother, Jon.Father asked if there were any knights in the hall who would do honor to any knights in the hall who would do honor to their houses by taking the black's houses by taking the black, but no one came forward, so Father gave this Yoren this Yoren's pick of Father's dungeons and sent this Yoren on this Yoren's way. And later these two brothers came before Father, freeriders from the Dornish Marches, and pledged these two brothers's swords to the service of Father. Father accepted these two brothers's oaths…  Jeyne yawned. Are there any lemon cakes? Sansa did not like being interrupted, but Sansa had to admit, lemon cakes sounded more interesting than most of what had gone on in the hall. Let's see, Sansa said. The kitchen yielded no lemon cakes, but they did find half of a cold strawberry pie, and half of a cold strawberry pie was almost as good. they ate half of a cold strawberry pie on the tower steps, giggling and gossiping and sharing secrets, and Sansa went to bed that night feeling almost as wicked as Arya. The next morning Sansa woke before first light and crept sleepily to Sansa's window to watch Lord Beric form up Lord Beric's men. his men rode out as dawn was breaking over the city, with three banners going before his men; the crowned stag of Father flew from the high staff, the direwolf of Stark and Lord Beric's own forked lightning standard from shorter poles.It was all so exciting, a song come to life; the clatter of swords, the flicker of torchlight, banners dancing in the wind, horses snorting and whinnying, the golden glow of sunrise slanting through the bars of the portcullis as the portcullis jerked upward. The Winterfell men looked especially fine in The Winterfell men's silvery mail and long grey cloaks. Alyn carried the Stark banner. When she saw Alyn rein in beside Lord Beric to exchange words, it made she feel ever so proud. Alyn was handsomer than Jory had been; Alyn was going to be a knight one day. The Tower of the Hand seemed so empty after they left that she was even pleased to see Arya when Arya went down to break Arya fast. Where is everyone? Arya wanted to know as Arya ripped the skin from a blood orange. Did Father send everyone to hunt down Jaime Lannister? she sighed.They rode with Lord Beric, to behead Ser Gregor Clegane. She turned to Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon. Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon, will Lord Beric spike Ser Gregor Clegane's head on Lord Beric's own gate or bring Ser Gregor's head back here for the king? Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon and Jeyne Poole had been arguing over that last night. Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon was horror-struck. A lady does not discuss such things over A lady's porridge. Where are Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon's courtesies, Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon? I swear, of late Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon've been near as bad as Jeyne Poole. What did Ser Gregor Clegane do? She asked.He burned down a holdfast and murdered a lot of people, women and children too. Arya screwed up Arya's face in a scowl. Jaime Lannister murdered Jory and Heward and Wyl, and the Hound murdered Mycah. Somebody should have beheaded them. It's not the same, Sansa said. the Hound is Joffrey's sworn shield. Arya's butcher's boy attacked Joffrey's. Liar, Arya said. Arya's hand clenched the blood orange so hard that red juice oozed between Arya's fingers. Go ahead, call Sansa all the names Sansa want, Sansa said airily.You won't dare when You'm married to Joffrey. You'll have to bow to You and call You You's Grace. You shrieked as Arya flung the orange across the table. the orange caught You in the middle of the forehead with a wet squish and plopped down into You's lap. You have juice on You's face, You, Arya said. juice was running down Arya's nose and stinging Arya's eyes. You wiped juice away with a napkin. When You saw what the orange her lap had done to You's beautiful ivory silk dress, You shrieked again. Arya're horrible, You screamed at Arya. They should have killed Arya instead of Lady!Septa Mordane came lurching to Septa Mordane's feet. Your lord father will hear of this! Go to Your's chambers, at once. At once! Me too? Tears welled in Your's eyes. That's not fair. The matter is not subject to discussion. Go! Your stalked away with Your's head up.She was to be a queen, and queens did not cry. At least not where people could see. When She reached She bedchamber, She barred the door and took off She's dress. The blood orange had left a blotchy red stain on the silk. She hate her! She screamed. She balled up her dress and flung her dress into the cold hearth, on top of the ashes of last night's fire. When She saw that a blotchy red stain had bled through onto She's underskirt, She began to sob despite She. She ripped off the rest of She's clothes wildly, threw She into bed, and cried She back to sleep. It was midday when Septa Mordane knocked upon She's door.Sansa. Sansa's lord father will see Sansa now. Sansa sat up. Lady, Sansa whispered. For a moment it was as if the direwolf was there in the room, looking at Sansa with those golden eyes, sad and knowing. Sansa had been dreaming, Sansa realized. Lady was with Sansa, and they were running together, and… and… trying to remember was like trying to catch the rain with Sansa's fingers. dreaming faded, and Lady was dead again. Sansa The rap came again, sharply.Do you hear me? Yes, me, you called out. Might you have a moment to dress, please? you's eyes were red from crying, but you did you best to make you beautiful. Lord Eddard was bent over a huge leather-bound book when me marched you into the solar, Lord Eddard's plaster-wrapped leg stiff beneath the table. Come here, you, Lord Eddard said, not unkindly, when me had gone for you's sister. Sit beside Lord Eddard. Lord Eddard closed a huge leather-bound book. me returned with Arya squirming in me's grasp. you had put on a lovely pale green damask gown and a look of remorse, but her sister was still wearing the ratty leathers and roughspun her sister'd worn at breakfast.Here is the other one, the septa announced. My thanks, the septa. My would talk to My's daughters alone, if the septa would be so kind. the septa bowed and left. Arya started it, Sansa said quickly, anxious to have the first word. Arya called Sansa a liar and threw an orange at Sansa and spoiled Sansa's dress, the ivory silk, the one Queen Cersei gave Sansa when Sansa was betrothed to Prince Joffrey. Arya hates that Sansa'm going to marry Prince Joffrey. Arya tries to spoil everything, My, Arya can't stand for anything to be beautiful or nice or splendid. Enough, Sansa. My's voice was sharp with impatience.Arya raised Arya's eyes. Arya'm sorry, Father. Arya was wrong and Arya beg Arya's sweet sister's forgiveness. Father was so startled that for a moment Father was speechless. Finally Father found Father's voice. What about Father's dress? Maybe… Arya could wash my dress, Arya said doubtfully. Washing won't do any good, Father said. Not if Arya scrubbed all day and all night. The silk is ruined.Then I'll… make you a new one, I said. you threw back you's head in disdain. You? I couldn't sew a dress fit to clean the pigsties. Their father sighed. Their father did not call you here to talk of dresses. Their father'm sending you back to Winterfell. For the second time you found you too stunned for words. you felt you's eyes grow moist again. You can't, I said.Please, Father, Sansa managed at last. Please don't. Father favored Father's daughters with a tired smile. At last we've found something his daughters agree on. Sansa didn't do anything wrong, Sansa pleaded with Father. Sansa don't want to go back. Sansa loved Mng's Landing; the pagaentry of the court, the high lords and ladies in the high lords and ladies in their velvets and silks and gemstones's velvets and silks and gemstones, the great city with all the great city with all its people's people. The tournament had been the most magical time of Sansa's whole life, and there was so much Sansa had not seen yet, harvest feasts and masked balls and mummer shows. Sansa could not bear the thought of losing it all. Send Arya away, Arya started it, Father, Sansa swear it.I'll be good, you'll see, just let I stay and I promise to be as fine and noble and courteous as the queen. you's mouth twitched strangely. Sansa, you'm not sending Sansa away for fighting, though the gods know you'm sick of you two squabbling. you want you two back in Winterfell for you two's own safety. Three of you's men were cut down like dogs not a league from where we sit, and what does Robert do? Robert goes hunting. Arya was chewing at Arya's lip in that disgusting way Arya had. Can we take Syrio back with we? Who cares about Syrio? Sansa flared.Father, I only just now remembered, I can't go away, I'm to marry Prince Joffrey. I tried to smile bravely for Father. I love Prince Joffrey, Father, I truly truly do, I love Prince Joffrey as much as Queen Naerys loved Prince Aemon the Dragonknight, as much as Jonquil loved Ser Florian. I want to be Prince Joffrey's queen and have Prince Joffrey's babies. I, Father said gently, listen to Father. When I're old enough, Father will make I a match with a high lord who's worthy of I, someone brave and gentle and strong. This match with Prince Joffrey was a terrible mistake. Prince Joffrey is no Prince Aemon, I must believe Father. Prince Joffrey is! Father insisted.I don't want someone brave and gentle, I want someone brave and gentle. We'll be ever so happy, just like in the songs, you'll see. I'll give someone brave and gentle a son with golden hair, and one day a son with golden hair'll be the king of all the realm, the greatest king that ever was, as brave as the wolf and as proud as the lion. Arya made a face. Not if Joffrey's a son with golden hair's father, Arya said. Joffrey's a liar and a craven and anyhow Joffrey's a stag, not a lion. I felt tears in I's eyes. Joffrey is not! Joffrey's not the least bit like Joffrey, I screamed at Arya, forgetting I in I's grief. Father looked at I strangely.Gods, he swore softly, out of the mouth of babes… he shouted for Septa Mordane. To the girls he said, he am looking for a fast trading galley to take the girls home. These days, the sea is safer than the kingsroad. the girls will sail as soon as he can find a proper ship, with Septa Mordane and a complement of guards… and yes, with Syrio Forel, if Syrio Forel agrees to enter he's service. But say nothing of this. It's better if no one knows of our plans. our'll talk again tomorrow. Sansa cried as Septa Mordane marched the girls down the steps. They were going to take it all away; the tournaments and the court and Sansa's , everything, They were going to send Sansa back to the bleak grey walls of Winterfell and lock Sansa up forever. Sansa's life was over before Her life had begun.Stop that weeping, child, Septa Mordane said sternly. Septa Mordane am certain child's lord father knows what is best for child. It won't be so bad, Septa Mordane, child said. We're going to sail on a galley. It will be an adventure, and then We'll be with Bran and Robb again, and Old Nan and Hodor and the rest. child touched Septa Mordane on the arm. Hodor! Septa Mordane yelled. child ought to marry Hodor, child're just like Hodor, stupid and hairy and ugly! child wrenched away from child's hand, stormed into child's bedchamber, and barred the door behind child.