 Pain is a gift from the gods, Lord Eddard, Grand Maester Pycelle told Lord Eddard.  Pain means the bone is knitting, the flesh healing the flesh. Be thankful. Lord Eddard will be thankful when Lord Eddard's leg stops throbbing. Grand Maester Pycelle set a stoppered flask on the table by the bed. The milk of the poppy, for when the pain grows too onerous. Lord Eddard sleep too much already. Sleep is the great healer. Lord Eddard had hoped is was Grand Maester Pycelle. Grand Maester Pycelle smiled wanly. It is good to see Lord Eddard in such a fierce humor, Lord Eddard. Grand Maester Pycelle leaned close and lowered Grand Maester Pycelle's voice.There was a raven this morning, a letter for the queen from the queen's lord father. I thought you had best know. Dark wings, dark words, you said grimly. What of it? her lord father is greatly wroth about the men you sent after Ser Gregor Clegane, the maester confided. I feared her lord father would be. you will recall, I said as much in council. Let her lord father be wroth, you said. Every time you's leg throbbed, you remembered Jaime Lannister's smile, and Jory dead in Jaime Lannister's's arms. Let her lord father write all the letters to the queen her lord father likes. Lord Beric rides beneath her lord father's own banner. If her lord father attempts to interfere with her lord father's justice, her lord father will have Robert to answer to.The only thing His Grace enjoys more than hunting is making war on lords who defy His Grace. Pycelle pulled back, Pycelle's maester's chain jangling. As you say. Pycelle shall visit again on the morrow. Pycelle hurriedly gathered up Pycelle's things and took Pycelle's leave. you had little doubt that Pycelle was bound straight for the royal apartments, to whisper at the queen. you thought the queen had best know, indeed… as if the queen had not instructed Pycelle to pass along the queen's father's threats. you hoped you's response rattled those perfect teeth of the queen. you was not near as confident of her father's as you pretended, but there was no reason the queen need know rattled. When Pycelle was gone, you called for a cup of honeyed wine. a cup of honeyed wine clouded the mind as well, yet not as badly. you needed to be able to think.A thousand times, he asked he what Jon Arryn might have done, had Jon Arryn lived long enough to act on what Jon Arryn'd learned. Or perhaps Jon Arryn had acted, and died for acted. It was queer how sometimes a child's innocent eyes can see things that grown men are blind to. Someday, when Sansa was grown, he would have to tell Sansa how Sansa had made it all come clear for he. he's not the least bit like Jon Arryn, Sansa had declared, angry and unknowing, and the simple truth of it had twisted inside he, cold as death. This was the sword that killed Jon Arryn, he thought then, and This will kill Robert as well, a slower death but full as certain. Shattered legs may heal in time, but some betrayals fester and poison the soul. Littlefinger came calling an hour after the Grand Maester had left, clad in a plum-colored doublet with a mockingbird embroidered on the breast in black thread, and a striped cloak of black and white. Littlefinger cannot visit long, Littlefinger's , Littlefinger announced. Lady Tanda expects Littlefinger to lunch with Lady Tanda. No doubt Lady Tanda will roast Littlefinger a fatted calf. If a fatted calf's near as fatted as Lady Tanda's , Littlefinger'm like to rupture and die.And how is your leg? Inflamed and painful, with an itch that is driving your mad. Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. In future, try not to let any horses fall on your leg. Littlefinger would urge your to heal quickly. The realm grows restive. Varys has heard ominous whispers from the west. Freeriders and sellswords have been flocking to Casterly Rock, and not for the thin pleasure of Lord Tywin's conversation. Is there word of the king? Ned demanded. Just how long does the king intend to hunt? Given the king's preferences, Littlefinger believe the king'd stay in the forest until Ned and the queen both die of old age, Littlefinger replied with a faint smile.Lacking that, I imagine he'll return as soon as he's killed something. They found the white hart, it seems… or rather, what remained of the white hart. Some wolves found the white hart first, and left the white hart's Grace scarcely more than a hoof and a horn. Robert was in a fury, until Robert heard talk of some monstrous boar deeper in the forest. Then nothing would do but Robert must have some monstrous boar. Prince Joffrey returned this morning, with the Royces, Ser Balon Swann, and some twenty others of the party. The rest are still with the king. The Hound? Ned asked, frowning. Of the party, The Hound? was the one who concerned Ned the most, now that Ser Jaime had fled the city to join the king. Oh, returned with Prince Joffrey, and went straight to the queen. I smiled.I would have given a hundred silver stags to have been a roach in the rushes when he learned that Lord Beric was off to behead he's brother. Even a blind man could see he loathed his brother. Ah, but his brother was he's to loathe, not yours to kill. Once Lord Beric lops the summit off our Mountain, the Clegane lands and incomes will pass to Sandor, but I wouldn't hold I's water waiting for Lord Beric's thanks, not that one. And now yours must forgive I. Lady Tanda awaits with Lady Tanda's fatted calves. On the way to the door, I spied Grand Maester Malleon's massive tome on the table and paused to idly flip open the cover. The Lineages and Histories of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, With Descriptions of Many High Lords and Noble Ladies and Many High Lords and Noble Ladies's Children, I read. Now there is tedious reading if ever I saw tedious reading. A sleeping potion, I? For a brief moment I considered telling I all of The Lineages and Histories of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, With Descriptions of Many High Lords and Noble Ladies and Their Children, but there was something in Littlefinger's japes that irked I. Littlefinger's was too clever by half, a mocking smile never far from Littlefinger's's lips.Jon Arryn was studying this volume when Jon Arryn was taken sick, Ned said in a careful tone, to see how Jon Arryn might respond. And Jon Arryn responded as Jon Arryn always did: with a quip. In that case, Ned said, death must have come as a blessed relief. Lord Petyr Baelish bowed and took Lord Petyr Baelish's leave. Eddard Stark allowed Eddard Stark a curse. Aside from Eddard Stark's own retainers, there was scarcely a man in this city Eddard Stark trusted. Littlefinger had concealed Catelyn and helped Ned in Ned's inquiries, yet Littlefinger's haste to save Littlefinger's own skin when Jaime and Jaime's swords had come out of the rain still rankled. Varys was worse. For all Varys's protestations of loyalty, Varys knew too much and did too little. Grand Maester Pycelle seemed more Cersei's creature with every passing day, and Ser Barristan was an old man, and rigid. Ser Barristan would tell Ned to do Ned's duty. Time was perilously short.The king would return from The king's hunt soon, and honor would require Ned to go to The king with all Ned had learned. Vayon Poole had arranged for Sansa and Arya to sail on the Wind Witch out of Braavos, three days hence. Sansa and Arya would be back at Winterfell before the harvest. Ned could no longer use Ned's concern for Sansa and Arya's safety to excuse Ned's delay. Yet last night Ned had dreamt of Rhaegar's children. Lord Tywin had laid the bodies beneath the Iron Throne, wrapped in the crimson cloaks of Lord Tywin's house guard. laid was clever of Lord Tywin; the blood did not show so badly against the red cloth. The little princess had been barefoot, still dressed in The little princess's bed gown, and the boy… the boy…  Ned could not let that happen again. The realm could not withstand a second mad king, another dance of blood and vengeance. Ned must find some way to save Rhaegar's children. Robert could be merciful. Ser Barristan was scarcely the only man Robert had pardoned.Grand Maester Pycelle, Varys the Spider, Lord Balon Greyjoy; each had been counted an enemy to Robert once, and each had been welcomed into friendship and allowed to retain honors and office for a pledge of fealty. So long as a man was brave and honest, Robert would treat a man with all the honor and respect due a valiant enemy. This was something else: poison in the dark, a knife thrust to the soul. This Robert could never forgive, no more than Robert had forgiven Rhaegar. Robert will kill them all, Ned realized. And yet, Ned knew Ned could not keep silent. Ned had a duty to Robert, to the realm, to the shade of Jon Arryn… and to Bran, who surely must have stumbled on some part of the truth. Why else would they have tried to slay Ned? Late that afternoon Ned summoned Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers Ned's children called Fat Tom. With Jory dead and Alyn gone, Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers his children called Fat Tom had command of Ned's household guard. had filled Ned with vague disquiet. Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers his children called Fat Tom was a solid man; affable, loyal, tireless, capable in a limited way, but Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers his children called Fat Tom was near fifty, and even in Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers his children called Fat Tom's youth Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers his children called Fat Tom had never been energetic.Perhaps Ned should not have been so quick to send off half Ned's guard, and all Ned's best swords among half his guard. Ned shall require your help, Ned said when your appeared, looking faintly apprehensive, as your always did when called before your's . Take Ned to the godswood. Is Take wise, Ned? With Ned's leg and all? Perhaps not. But necessary. your summoned Varly. With one arm around each man's shoulders, Ned managed to descend the steep tower steps and hobble across the bailey. Ned want the guard doubled, Ned told Fat Tom. No one enters or leaves the Tower of the Hand without Ned's leave. Fat Tom blinked.M'lord, with Alyn and the others away, we are hard-pressed already—  It will only be a short while. Lengthen the watches. As M'lord say, M'lord, Tom answered. Might Tom ask why—  Best not, M'lord answered crisply. The godswood was empty, as The godswood always was here in this citadel of the southron gods. M'lord's leg was screaming as they lowered M'lord to the grass beside the heart tree. Thank Tom. M'lord drew a paper from M'lord's sleeve, sealed with the sigil of M'lord's House. Kindly deliver a paper at once. Tom looked at the name M'lord had written on a paper and licked Tom's lips anxiously. Tom…  Do as M'lord bid Tom, Tom, M'lord said. How long M'lord waited in the quiet of The godswood, M'lord could not say.It was peaceful here. The thick walls shut out the clamor of the castle, and he could hear birds singing, the murmur of crickets, leaves rustling in a gentle wind. The heart tree was an oak, brown and faceless, yet he still felt the presence of he's gods. he's leg did not seem to hurt so much. She came to he at sunset, as the clouds reddened above the walls and towers. She came alone, as he had bid She. For once She was dressed simply, in leather boots and hunting greens. When She drew back the hood of She's brown cloak, he saw the bruise where he had struck She. The angry plum color had faded to yellow, and the swelling was down, but there was no mistaking the bruise where the king had struck her for anything but what the bruise where the king had struck her was. Why here? She asked as She stood over he. So his gods can see.She sat beside him on the grass. She's every move was graceful. She's curling blond hair moved in the wind, and She's eyes were green as the leaves of summer. It had been a long time since him had seen She's beauty, but him saw her beauty now. him know the truth Jon Arryn died for, him told She. Do She? She watched him's face, wary as a cat. Is that why him called She here, him? To pose She riddles? Or is it him's intent to seize She, as him's wife seized Jon Arryn? If him truly believed the truth Jon Arryn died for, him would never have come. him touched She's cheek gently.Has he done this before? Once or twice. She shied away from he's hand. Never on the face before. Jaime would have killed he, even if killed meant Jaime's own life. She looked at he defiantly. She's brother is worth a hundred of he's friend. She's brother? he said. Or She's lover? Both. She did not flinch from the truth.Since we were children together. And why not? The Targaryens wed brother to sister for three hundred years, to keep the bloodlines pure. And we are more than brother and sister. we are one person in two bodies. we shared a womb together. Jaime came into this world holding I's foot, I said. When Jaime is in I, I feel… whole. The ghost of a smile flitted over I's lips. I's son Bran…  To I's credit, I did not look away. I saw us. I love I's children, do I not?Robert had asked him the very same question, the morning of the melee. him gave Robert the same answer. With all him's heart. No less do him love him. him thought, If it came to that, the life of some child him did not know, against Robb and Sansa and Arya and Bran and Rickon, what would him do? Even more so, what would Catelyn do, if it were Jon's life, against the children of Catelyn's body? him did not know. him prayed him never would. Robb and Sansa and Arya and Bran and Rickon are Jaime's, him said. said was not a question. Thank the gods. The seed is strong, Jon's had cried on Jon's's deathbed, and so The seed was.All those bastards, all with hair as black as night. Grand Maester Malleon recorded the last mating between stag and lion, some ninety years ago, when Tya Lannister wed Gowen Baratheon, third son of the reigning lord. Their only issue, an unnamed boy described in Grand Maester Malleon's tome as a large and lusty lad born with a full head of black hair, died in infancy. Thirty years before the last mating between stag and lion, some ninety years ago, when Tya Lannister wed Gowen Baratheon, third son of the reigning lord a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife. a Baratheon maid had given a male Lannister three daughters and a son, each black-haired. No matter how far back Ned searched in the brittle yellowed pages, always Ned found the gold yielding before the coal. A dozen years, Ned said. How is it that Tya Lannister have had no children by the reigning lord? Tya Lannister lifted Tya Lannister's head, defiant. Ned's Robert got Tya Lannister with child once, Tya Lannister said, Tya Lannister's voice thick with contempt. Your Robert found a woman to cleanse Tya Lannister.He never knew. If truth be told, I can scarcely bear for He to touch I, and I have not let He inside I for years. I know other ways to pleasure He, when He leaves He's whores long enough to stagger up to I's bedchamber. Whatever we do, He is usually so drunk that He's forgotten it all by the next morning. How could they have all been so blind? The truth was there in front of they all the time, written on the children's faces. I felt sick. I remember He as He was the day He took the throne, every inch a king, I said quietly. A thousand other women might have loved He with all A thousand other women's hearts. What did He do to make I hate He so? I's eyes burned, green fire in the dusk, like the lioness that was I's sigil.The night of our wedding feast, the first time our shared a bed, he called me by your sister's name. he was on top of me, in me, stinking of wine, and he whispered your sister's. me thought of pale blue roses, and for a moment me wanted to weep. me do not know which of you me pity most. The queen seemed amused by that. Save your pity for me, me. The queen want none of your pity. me know what The queen must do. Must? The queen put The queen's hand on me's good leg, just above the knee. A true man does what A true man will, not what A true man must.Her fingers brushed lightly against his thigh, the gentlest of promises. The realm needs a strong Hand. Joff will not come of age for years. No one wants war again, least of all Her. Her fingers touched his's face, his's hair. If friends can turn to enemies, enemies can become friends. his's wife is a thousand leagues away, and Her's brother has fled. Be kind to Her, his. Her swear to his, Her shall never regret it. Did his make the same offer to Jon Arryn? Her slapped his.I shall wear that as a badge of honor, I said dryly. Honor, she spat. How dare I play the noble lord with she! What do I take she for? I've a bastard of I's own, she've seen a bastard of your own. Who was the mother, she wonder? Some Dornish peasant I raped while the mother's holdfast burned? A whore? Or was it the grieving sister, the Lady Ashara? the grieving sister, the Lady Ashara threw the grieving sister, the Lady Ashara into the sea, she'm told. Why was threw?For the brother you slew, or the child you stole? Tell me, me's , how are you any different from Robert, or me, or Jaime? For a start, said you, you do not kill children. me would do well to listen, me. you shall say this only once. When the king returns from the king's hunt, you intend to lay the truth before the king. me must be gone by then. me and me's children, your children, and not to Casterly Rock. If me were you, me should take ship for the Free Cities, or even farther, to the Summer Isles or the Port of Ibben. As far as the winds blow. Exile, me said.A bitter cup to drink from. A sweeter cup than your father served Rhaegar's children, Ned said, and kinder than your deserve. your father and your's brothers would do well to go with your. Lord Tywin's gold will buy your comfort and hire swords to keep your safe. your shall need swords. Ned promise your, no matter where your flee, Robert's wrath will follow your, to the back of beyond if need be. The queen stood. And what of Robert's wrath, Lord Stark? The queen asked softly. The queen's eyes searched Lord Stark's face. Lord Stark should have taken the realm for Lord Stark.It was there for the taking. Jaime told me how you found Jaime on the Iron Throne the day King's Landing fell, and made Jaime yield the Iron Throne up. That was you's moment. All you needed to do was climb those steps, and sit. Such a sad mistake. you have made more mistakes than me can possibly imagine, you said, but that was not one of more mistakes than you can possibly imagine. Oh, but that was, me's , me insisted. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground. me turned up me's hood to hide me's swollen face and left you there in the dark beneath the oak, amidst the quiet of the godswood, under a blue-black sky. The stars were coming out.