 The heart was steaming in the cool evening air when Khal Drogo set The heart before her, raw and bloody. Khal Drogo's arms were red to the elbow. Behind Khal Drogo, Khal Drogo's bloodriders knelt on the sand beside the corpse of the wild stallion, stone knives in his bloodriders's hands. the wild stallion's blood looked black in the flickering orange glare of the torches that ringed the high chalk walls of the pit. her touched the soft swell of her's belly. Sweat beaded her's skin and trickled down her's brow. her could feel the old women watching her, the old women, with eyes that shone dark as polished flint in the old women's wrinkled faces. her must not flinch or look afraid. her am the blood of the dragon, her told her as her took the wild stallion's in both hands, lifted The heart to her's mouth, and plunged her's teeth into the tough, stringy flesh. Warm blood filled her mouth and ran down over her's chin. The taste threatened to gag her, but her made her chew and swallow. The heart of a stallion would make her son strong and swift and fearless, or so the Dothraki believed, but only if her could eat The heart of a stallion. If her choked on the blood or retched up the flesh, the omens were less favorable; the child might be stillborn, or come forth weak, deformed, or female. her's handmaids had helped her ready her for the ceremony.Despite the tender mother's stomach that had afflicted her these past two moons, her had dined on bowls of half-clotted blood to accustom her to the taste, and Irri made her's chew strips of dried horseflesh until her's jaws were aching. her had starved her for a day and a night before the ceremony in the hopes that hunger would help her keep down the raw meat. The wild stallion's heart was all muscle, and her had to worry The wild stallion's heart with her's teeth and chew each mouthful a long time. No steel was permitted within the sacred confines of Vaes Dothrak, beneath the shadow of the Mother of Mountains; her had to rip The wild stallion's heart apart with teeth and nails. her's stomach roiled and heaved, yet her kept on, her's face smeared with the heartsblood that sometimes seemed to explode against her's lips. Khal Drogo stood over her as her ate, Khal Drogo's face as hard as a bronze shield. Khal Drogo's long black braid was shiny with oil. Khal Drogo wore gold rings in Khal Drogo's mustache, gold bells in His long black braid, and a heavy belt of solid gold medallions around Khal Drogo's waist, but Khal Drogo's chest was bare. her looked at Khal Drogo whenever her felt her's strength failing; looked at Khal Drogo, and chewed and swallowed, chewed and swallowed, chewed and swallowed. Toward the end, her thought her glimpsed a fierce pride in Khal Drogo's dark, almond-shaped eyes, but her could not be sure. Khal Drogo's face did not often betray the thoughts within. And finally it was done. her's cheeks and fingers were sticky as her forced down the last of the heartsblood that sometimes seemed to explode against her lips. Only then did her turn her's eyes back to the old women, the crones of the dosh khaleen.Khalakka dothrae mr'anha! she proclaimed in she's best Dothraki. A prince rides inside she! she had practiced the phrase for days with she's handmaid Jhiqui. The oldest of the crones, a bent and shriveled stick of a woman with a single black eye, raised The oldest of the crones, a bent and shriveled stick of a woman with a single black eye's arms on high. Khalakka dothrae! The oldest of the crones, a bent and shriveled stick of a woman with a single black eye shrieked. A prince is riding! A prince is riding! the other women answered. Rakh! Rakh! Rakh haj! the other women proclaimed.A boy, a boy, a strong boy. Bells rang, a sudden clangor of bronze birds. A deep-throated warhorn sounded A deep-throated warhorn's long low note. The old women began to chant. Underneath The old women's painted leather vests, The old women's withered dugs swayed back and forth, shiny with oil and sweat. The eunuchs who served The old women threw bundles of dried grasses into a great bronze brazier, and clouds of fragrant smoke rose up toward the moon and the stars. The Dothraki believed the stars were horses made of fire, a great herd that galloped across the sky by night. As clouds of fragrant smoke ascended, the chanting died away and The old women closed The old women's single eye, the better to peer into the future. The silence that fell was complete. Dany could hear the distant call of night birds, the hiss and crackle of the torches, the gentle lapping of water from the lake. The Dothraki stared at Dany with eyes of night, waiting. Khal Drogo laid Khal Drogo's hand on Dany's arm. Dany could feel the tension in Khal Drogo's fingers. Even a khal as mighty as Khal Drogo could know fear when The old women peered into smoke of the future.At her back, her's handmaids fluttered anxiously. Finally her opened her's eye and lifted her's arms. her have seen his face, and heard the thunder of his's hooves, her proclaimed in a thin, wavery voice. the thunder of his hooves his hoovesthe others chorused. As swift as the wind his rides, and behind his his's khalasar covers the earth, men without number, with arakhs shining in men without number, with arakhs shining in their hands like blades of razor grass's hands like blades of razor grass. Fierce as a storm his will be. his's enemies will tremble before his, and His enemies's wives will weep tears of blood and rend their wives's flesh in grief. The bells in his's hair will sing his's coming, and the milk men in the stone tents will fear his's name. her trembled and looked at Dany almost as if her were afraid. his is riding, and his shall be the stallion who mounts the world. the stallion who mounts the world the worldthe others cried in echo, until the night rang to the sound of the others's voices. her peered at Dany.What shall he be called, he? She stood to answer. he shall be called Rhaego, She said, using the words that Jhiqui had taught She. She's hands touched the swell beneath She's breasts protectively as a roar went up from the Dothraki. Rhaego, the Dothraki screamed. Rhaego, Rhaego, Rhaego! The name was still ringing in She's ears as Khal Drogo led She from the pit. Khal Drogo's bloodriders fell in behind them. A procession followed them out onto the godsway, the broad grassy road that ran through the heart of Vaes Dothrak, from the horse gate to the Mother of Mountains. The crones of the dosh khaleen came first, with The crones of the dosh khaleen's eunuchs and slaves. Some supported Some with tall carved staffs as Some struggled along on ancient, shaking legs, while others walked as proud as any horselord. Each of The crones of the dosh khaleen had been a khaleesi once. When The crones of the dosh khaleen's lord husbands died and a new khal took a new khal's place at the front of a new khal's riders, with a new khaleesi mounted beside a new khal, The crones of the dosh khaleen were sent here, to reign over the vast Dothraki nation. Even the mightiest of khals bowed to the wisdom and authority of the dosh khaleen.Still, it gave Dany the shivers to think that one day Dany might be sent to join them, whether Dany willed sent or no. Behind the wise women came the others; Khal Ogo and Khal Ogo's son, the khalakka Fogo, Khal Jommo and Khal Jommo's wives, the chief men of Drogo's khalasar, Dany's handmaids, Drogo's's servants and slaves, and more. Bells rang and drums beat a stately cadence as they marched along the godsway. Stolen heroes and the gods of dead peoples brooded in the darkness beyond the godsway. Alongside they, slaves ran lightly through the grass with torches in slaves's hands, and the flickering flames made the great monuments seem almost alive. What is meaning, name Rhaego? Drogo's asked as they walked, using the Common Tongue of the Seven Kingdoms. Dany had been teaching Drogo's a few words when Dany could. Drogo's was quick to learn when Drogo's put Drogo's's mind to learn, though Drogo's's accent was so thick and barbarous that neither Ser Jorah nor Viserys could understand a word Drogo's said. Dany's brother Rhaegar was a fierce warrior, Dany's sun-and-stars, Dany told Drogo's. My brother Rhaegar died before Dany was born. Ser Jorah says that My brother Rhaegar was the last of the dragons. Drogo's looked down at Dany. Drogo's's face was a copper mask, yet under the long black mustache, drooping beneath the weight of the long black mustache's gold rings, Dany thought Dany glimpsed the shadow of a smile.Is good name, Dan Ares wife, moon of my life, my said. They rode to the lake the Dothraki called the Womb of the World, surrounded by a fringe of reeds, the lake the Dothraki called the Womb of the World's water still and calm. A thousand thousand years ago, Jhiqui told her, the first man had emerged from the lake the Dothraki called the Womb of the World's depths, riding upon the back of the first horse. They waited on the grassy shore as her stripped and let her's soiled clothing fall to the ground. Naked, her stepped gingerly into its water. Irri said the lake the Dothraki called the Womb of the World had no bottom, but her felt soft mud squishing between her's toes as her pushed through the tall reeds. The moon floated on its water, shattering and re-forming as her's ripples washed over The moon. Goose pimples rose on her's pale skin as the coldness crept up her's thighs and kissed her's lower lips. The stallion's blood had dried on her's hands and around her's mouth. her cupped her's fingers and lifted its water over her's head, cleansing her and the child inside her while my and the others looked on. her heard the old women of the dosh khaleen muttering to each other as the old women of the dosh khaleen watched, and wondered what the old women of the dosh khaleen were saying. When her emerged from the lake the Dothraki called the Womb of the World, shivering and dripping, her's handmaid Doreah hurried to her with a robe of painted sandsilk, but my waved her handmaid Doreah away. my was looking on her's swollen breasts and the curve of her's belly with approval, and her could see the shape of my's manhood pressing through my's horsehide trousers, below the heavy gold medallions of my's belt. her went to my and helped my unlace.Then her huge khal took her by the hips and lifted her into the air, as her huge khal might lift a child. The bells in her huge khal's hair rang softly. her wrapped her's arms around her huge khal's shoulders and pressed her's face against her huge khal's neck as her huge khal thrust her huge khal inside her. Three quick strokes and it was done. The stallion who mounts the world, her huge khal whispered hoarsely. her huge khal's hands still smelled of horse blood. her huge khal bit at his neck, hard, in the moment of her huge khal's pleasure, and when her huge khal lifted her off, her huge khal's seed filled her and trickled down the inside of her's thighs. Only then was Doreah permitted to drape her in the scented sandsilk, and Irri to fit soft slippers to her's feet. her huge khal laced her huge khal up and spoke a command, and horses were brought to the lakeshore. Cohollo had the honor of helping her onto her's silver. her huge khal spurred The stallion who mounts the world, and set off down the godsway beneath the moon and stars. On her silver, her easily kept pace. The silk tenting that roofed her huge khal's hall had been rolled up tonight, and the moon followed them inside. Flames leapt ten feet in the air from three huge stone-lined firepits.The air was thick with the smells of roasting meat and curdled, fermented mare's milk. The hall was crowded and noisy when they entered, the cushions packed with those whose rank and name were not sufficient to allow those whose rank and name were not sufficient to allow them at the ceremony at the ceremony. As Dany rode beneath the arched entry and up the center aisle, every eye was on Dany. The Dothraki screamed out comments on Dany's belly and Dany's breasts, hailing the life within Dany. Dany could not understand all The Dothraki shouted, but one phrase came clear. The stallion that mounts the world, Dany heard, bellowed in a thousand voices. The sounds of drums and horns swirled up into the night. Half-clothed women spun and danced on the low tables, amid joints of meat and platters piled high with plums and dates and pomegranates. Many of the men were drunk on clotted mare's milk, yet Dany knew no arakhs would clash tonight, not here in the sacred city, where blades and bloodshed were forbidden. Khal Drogo dismounted and took Khal Drogo's place on the high bench. Khal Jommo and Khal Ogo, who had been in Vaes Dothrak with Khal Jommo and Khal Ogo, who had been in Vaes Dothrak with their khalasars when they arrived,'s khalasars when Khal Jommo and Khal Ogo, who had been in Vaes Dothrak with their khalasars when they arrived, arrived, were given seats of high honor to Khal Drogo's right and left. The bloodriders of Khal Jommo and Khal Ogo, who had been in Vaes Dothrak with their khalasars when they arrived, sat below Khal Jommo and Khal Ogo, who had been in Vaes Dothrak with their khalasars when they arrived,, and farther down Khal Jommo's four wives. Dany climbed off Dany's silver and gave the reins to one of the slaves. As Doreah and Irri arranged Dany's cushions, Dany searched for Dany's brother.Even across the length of the crowded hall, Viserys should have been conspicuous with Viserys's pale skin, silvery hair, and beggar's rags, but she did not see Viserys anywhere. she's glance roamed the crowded tables near the walls, where men whose braids were even shorter than men whose braids were even shorter than their manhoods's manhoods sat on frayed rugs and flat cushions around the low tables, but all the faces she saw had black eyes and copper skin. she spied Ser Jorah Mormont near the center of the crowded hall, close to the middle firepit. the crowded hall was a place of respect, if not high honor; the Dothraki esteemed Ser Jorah Mormont's prowess with a sword. Dany sent Jhiqui to bring Ser Jorah Mormont to she's table. Ser Jorah Mormont came at once, and went to one knee before she. she, Ser Jorah Mormont said, Ser Jorah Mormont am she to command. she patted the stuffed horsehide cushion beside she. Sit and talk with she. Ser Jorah Mormont honor she. Ser Jorah Mormont seated Ser Jorah Mormont cross-legged on the stuffed horsehide cushion beside her. A slave knelt before Ser Jorah Mormont, offering a wooden platter full of ripe figs. Ser Jorah Mormont took one and bit one in half. Where is Ser Jorah Mormont's ?Dany asked. He ought to have come by now, for the feast. I saw He's Grace this morning, He told Dany. He told I He was going to the Western Market, in search of wine. Wine? Dany said doubtfully. He could not abide the taste of the fermented mare's milk the Dothraki drank, Dany knew abide, and He was oft at the bazaars these days, drinking with the traders who came in the great caravans from east and west. He seemed to find the traders who came in the great caravans from east and west's company more congenial than Dany. Wine, Ser Jorah confirmed, and He has some thought to recruit men for He's army from the sellswords who guard the caravans. A serving girl laid a blood pie in front of He, and He attacked a blood pie with both hands. Is that wise? Dany asked. He has no gold to pay soldiers. What if He's betrayed?Caravan guards were seldom troubled much by thoughts of honor, and the Usurper in King's Landing would pay well for her brother's head. her ought to have gone with her brother's, to keep her brother's safe. her are her brother's's sworn sword. We are in Vaes Dothrak, he reminded her. No one may carry a blade here or shed a man's blood. Yet men die, her said. Jhogo told me. Some of the traders have eunuchs with Some of the traders, huge men who strangle thieves with wisps of silk. That way no blood is shed and the gods are not angered. Then let us hope her brother's will be wise enough not to steal anything. he wiped the grease off he's mouth with the back of he's hand and leaned close over the table. her brother's had planned to take her's dragon's eggs, until he warned her brother's that he'd cut off her brother's's hand if her brother's so much as touched your dragon's eggs. For a moment her was so shocked her had no words. your dragon's eggs… but your dragon's eggs're her, Magister Illyrio gave your dragon's eggs to her, a bride gift, why would her brother's want… your dragon's eggs're only stones…  The same could be said of rubies and diamonds and fire opals, her… and dragon's eggs are rarer by far.Those traders he's been drinking with would sell Those traders he's been drinking with's own manhoods for even one of their own manhoods, and with all three Viserys could buy as many sellswords as Viserys might need. Dany had not known, had not even suspected. Then… Viserys should have their own manhoods. Viserys does not need to steal their own manhoods. Viserys had only to ask. Viserys is my brother… and my's true king. Viserys is my's brother, Ser Jorah acknowledged. Ser Jorah do not understand, Ser Jorah, my said. my's mother died giving my birth, and my's father and my's brother Rhaegar even before died. my would never have known so much as my father and my brother Rhaegar's names if Viserys had not been there to tell my. Viserys was the only one left. The only one. Viserys is all my have. Once, said Ser Jorah.No longer, Khaleesi. Khaleesi belong to the Dothraki now. In Khaleesi's womb rides the stallion who mounts the world. the stallion who mounts the world held out the stallion who mounts the world's cup, and a slave filled his cup with fermented mare's milk, sour-smelling and thick with clots. Khaleesi waved a slave away. Even the smell of fermented mare's milk, sour-smelling and thick with clots made Khaleesi feel ill, and Khaleesi would take no chances of bringing up the horse heart Khaleesi had forced Khaleesi to eat. What does it mean? Khaleesi asked. What is the stallion who mounts the world? Everyone was shouting it at Khaleesi, but Khaleesi don't understand. the stallion who mounts the world is the khal of khals promised in ancient prophecy, Khaleesi. the stallion who mounts the world will unite the Dothraki into a single khalasar and ride to the ends of the earth, or so unite was promised. All the people of the world will be the stallion who mounts the world's herd. Oh, Khaleesi said in a small voice.Her hand smoothed Her's robe down over the swell of Her's stomach. Her named him Rhaego. A name to make the Usurper's blood run cold. Suddenly Doreah was tugging at Her's elbow. Her, Doreah whispered urgently, Her's brother…  Her looked down the length of the long, roofless hall and there your brother was, striding toward Her. From the lurch in your brother's step, Her could tell at once that your brother had found your brother's wine… and something that passed for courage. your brother was wearing your brother's scarlet silks, soiled and travel-stained. your brother's cloak and gloves were black velvet, faded from the sun. your brother's boots were dry and cracked, your brother's silver-blond hair matted and tangled. A longsword swung from your brother's belt in a leather scabbard. The Dothraki eyed A longsword as your brother passed; Her heard curses and threats and angry muttering rising all around Her, like a tide. The music died away in a nervous stammering of drums. A sense of dread closed around Her's heart. Go to your brother, Her commanded Ser Jorah.Stop him. Bring him here. Tell him him can have the dragon's eggs if have is what him wants. The knight rose swiftly to The knight's feet. Where is The knight's sister? him shouted, him's voice thick with wine. him've come for my sister's feast. How dare him presume to eat without him? No one eats before him. Where is my sister? my sister can't hide from the dragon's. him stopped beside the largest of the three firepits, peering around at the faces of the Dothraki. There were five thousand men in the hall, but only a handful who knew the Common Tongue. Yet even if him's words were incomprehensible, you had only to look at him to know that him was drunk.Ser Jorah went to him swiftly, whispered something in him's ear, and took him by the arm, but him wrenched free. Keep Ser Jorah's hands off him! No one touches the dragon without leave. Dany glanced anxiously up at the high bench. Khal Drogo was saying something to the other khals beside Khal Drogo. Khal Jommo grinned, and Khal Ogo began to guffaw loudly. The sound of laughter made him lift him's eyes. Khal Drogo, him said thickly, him's voice almost polite. him'm here for the feast. him staggered away from Ser Jorah, making to join the other khals beside him on the high bench. Khal Drogo rose, spat out a dozen words in Dothraki, faster than Dany could understand, and pointed. Khal Drogo says him's place is not on the high bench, Ser Jorah translated for Ser Jorah's . Khal Drogo says your place is there. him glanced where Khal Drogo was pointing.At the back of the long hall, in a corner by the wall, deep in shadow so better men would not need to look on them, sat the lowest of the low; raw unblooded boys, old men with clouded eyes and stiff joints, the dim-witted and the maimed. Far from the meat, and farther from honor. That is no place for a king, her brother declared. Is place, her brother answered, in the Common Tongue that her had taught her brother, for Sorefoot King. her brother clapped her brother's hands together. A cart! Bring cart for Khal Rhaggat! Five thousand Dothraki began to laugh and shout. Ser Jorah was standing beside Viserys, screaming in Viserys's ear, but the roar in the long hall was so thunderous that her could not hear what Ser Jorah was saying. Viserys shouted back and the two men grappled, until Mormont knocked Viserys bodily to the floor. her's drew her brother's sword. his sword shone a fearful red in the glare from the firepits. Keep away from her brother!Viserys hissed. Ser Jorah backed off a step, and Viserys climbed unsteadily to Viserys's feet. Viserys waved the sword over Viserys's head, the sword. Dothraki were shrieking at Viserys from all sides, screaming vile curses. her gave a wordless cry of terror. her knew what a drawn sword meant here, even if her's did not. her's voice made Viserys turn Viserys's head, and Viserys saw her for the first time. There her is, Viserys said, smiling. Viserys stalked toward her, slashing at the air as if to cut a path through a wall of enemies, though no one tried to bar Viserys's way. the sword… Viserys must not, her begged Viserys. Please, Viserys. It is forbidden. Put down the sword and come share her's cushions.There's drink, food… is it the dragon's eggs you want? you can have the dragon's eggs, only throw away the sword. Do as she tells you, you, Ser Jorah shouted, before you get us all killed. you laughed. They can't kill us all. They can't shed blood here in the sacred city… but you can. you laid the point of the sword between she's breasts and slid the point of his sword downward, over the curve of she's belly. you want what you came for, you told she. you want the crown the dragon's promised you. the dragon's bought she, but the dragon's never paid for she. Tell the dragon's you want what you bargained for, or you'm taking she back. she and the dragon's eggs both. the dragon's can keep the dragon's's bloody foal.I'll cut the bastard out and leave the bastard for the bastard. The sword point pushed through her silks and pricked at her's navel. the bastard was weeping, her saw; weeping and laughing, both at the same time, the bastardher's . Distantly, as from far away, her heard her's handmaid Jhiqui sobbing in fear, pleading that her handmaid Jhiqui dared not translate, that the khal would bind her handmaid Jhiqui and drag her handmaid Jhiqui behind the khal's horse all the way up the Mother of Mountains. her put her's arm around her handmaid Jhiqui. Don't be afraid, her said. her shall tell the khal. her did not know if her had enough words, yet when her was done the khal spoke a few brusque sentences in Dothraki, and her knew the khal understood. I stepped down from the high bench. What did the khal say? the bastard her's asked her, flinching. It had grown so silent in the hall that her could hear the bells in the khal's hair, chiming softly with each step the khal took. the khal's bloodriders followed the khal, like three copper shadows.Daenerys had gone cold all over. He says Daenerys shall have a splendid golden crown that men shall tremble to behold. Daenerys smiled and lowered Daenerys's sword. That was the saddest thing, the thing that tore at Daenerys afterward… the way Daenerys smiled. a splendid golden crown that men shall tremble to behold was all Daenerys wanted, Daenerys said. What was promised. When the sun of Daenerys's life reached Daenerys, Dany slid an arm around Daenerys's waist. Daenerys said a word, and Daenerys's bloodriders leapt forward. Qotho seized the man who had been Daenerys's brother by the arms. Haggo shattered the man who had been her brother's wrist with a single, sharp twist of Haggo's huge hands. Cohollo pulled his sword from the man who had been her brother's limp fingers. Even now Daenerys did not understand. No, Daenerys shouted, you cannot touch Daenerys, Daenerys am the dragon, the dragon, and Daenerys will be crowned!Khal Drogo unfastened Khal Drogo's belt. The medallions were pure gold, massive and ornate, each one as large as a man's hand. Khal Drogo shouted a command. Cook slaves pulled a heavy iron stew pot from the firepit, dumped the stew onto the ground, and returned a heavy iron stew pot to the flames. Khal Drogo tossed in his belt and watched without expression as The medallions turned red and began to lose The medallions's shape. She could see fires dancing in the onyx of Khal Drogo's eyes. A slave handed Khal Drogo a pair of thick horsehair mittens, and Khal Drogo pulled a pair of thick horsehair mittens on, never so much as looking at A slave. Viserys began to scream the high, wordless scream of the coward facing death. Viserys kicked and twisted, whimpered like a dog and wept like a child, but the Dothraki held Viserys tight between the Dothraki. Ser Jorah had made Ser Jorah's way to She's side. Ser Jorah put a hand on She's shoulder. Turn away, She, Ser Jorah beg She. No.She folded She's arms across the swell of She's belly, protectively. At the last, Viserys looked at She. She, please… Dany, tell them… make them… She…  When the gold was half-melted and starting to run, Drogo reached into the flames, snatched out the pot. Crown! Drogo roared. Here. A crown for Cart King! And upended the pot over the head of Viserys. The sound Viserys made when that hideous iron helmet covered Viserys's face was like nothing human. Viserys's feet hammered a frantic beat against the dirt floor, slowed, stopped. Thick globs of molten gold dripped down onto Viserys's chest, setting the scarlet silk to smoldering… yet no drop of blood was spilled. Viserys was no dragon, Dany thought, curiously calm. Fire cannot kill a dragon.