 He was walking through the crypts beneath Winterfell, as He He had walked a thousand times before. The Kings of Winter watched He pass with eyes of ice, and the direwolves at The Kings of Winter's feet turned the direwolves at their feet's great stone heads and snarled. Last of all, He came to the tomb where He's father slept, with Brandon and Lyanna beside his father. Promise me, Ned, Lyanna's statue whispered. Lyanna wore a garland of pale blue roses, and Lyanna's eyes wept blood. He jerked upright, He's heart racing, the blankets tangled around He. The room was black as pitch, and someone was hammering on the door. He, a voice called loudly. A moment. Groggy and naked, He stumbled He's way across The room. When He opened the door, He found Tomard with an upraised fist, and Cayn with a taper in hand. Between them stood his father's own steward. the king's own steward's face might have been carved of stone, so little did The man's face show. the king's own steward's lord Hand, the king's own steward intoned. his father's Grace his father commands He's presence. At once. So Robert had returned from Robert's hunt. It was long past time. He shall need a few moments to dress. Ned left Robert waiting without.Cayn helped him with him's clothes; white linen tunic and grey cloak, trousers cut open down him's plaster-sheathed leg, him's badge of office, and last of all a belt of heavy silver links. him sheathed the Valyrian dagger at him's waist. The Red Keep was dark and still as Cayn and Tomard escorted him across the inner bailey. The moon hung low over the walls, ripening toward full. On the ramparts, a guardsman in a gold cloak walked a guardsman in a gold cloak's rounds. The royal apartments were in Maegor's Holdfast, a massive square fortress that nestled in the heart of The Red Keep behind walls twelve feet thick and a dry moat lined with iron spikes, a castle-within-a-castle. Ser Boros Blount guarded the far end of the bridge, white steel armor ghostly in the moonlight. Within, him passed two other knights of the Kingsguard; Ser Preston Greenfield stood at the bottom of the steps, and Ser Barristan Selmy waited at the door of the king's bedchamber. two other knights of the Kingsguard, him thought, remembering, and a strange chill went through him. Ser Barristan Selmy's face was as pale as Ser Barristan Selmy's armor. him had only to look at Ser Barristan Selmy to know that something was dreadfully wrong. The royal steward opened the door of the king's bedchamber. Lord Eddard Stark, the Hand of the king's, The royal steward announced. Bring him here, the king's's voice called, strangely thick. Fires blazed in the twin hearths at either end of the king's bedchamber, filling the king's bedchamber with a sullen red glare. The heat within was suffocating. the king's lay across the canopied bed. At the bedside hovered Grand Maester Pycelle, while Lord Renly paced restlessly before the shuttered windows. Servants moved back and forth, feeding logs to the fire and boiling wine. Cersei Lannister sat on the edge of the canopied bed beside Cersei Lannister's .Her hair was tousled, as if from sleep, but there was nothing sleepy in Her's eyes. They followed Ned as Tomard and Cayn helped Ned cross the room. Ned seemed to move very slowly, as if Ned were still dreaming. The king still wore The king's boots. Ned could see dried mud and blades of grass clinging to the leather where The king's feet stuck out beneath the blanket that covered The king, A green doublet lay on the floor, slashed open and discarded, A green doublet crusted with red-brown stains. the room smelled of smoke and blood and death. Ned, The king whispered when The king saw Ned. The king's face was pale as milk. Come… closer. Tomard and Cayn brought Ned close. Ned steadied Ned with a hand on the bedpost. Ned had only to look down at The king to know how bad it was. What…? Ned began, Ned's throat clenched. A boar. Lord Renly was still in Lord Renly's hunting greens, Lord Renly's cloak spattered with blood. A devil, The king husked. The king's own fault. Too much wine, damn The king to hell. Missed The king's thrust.And where were the rest of you? Ned demanded of Lord Renly. Where was Ser Barristan and the Kingsguard? Lord Renly's mouth twitched. Lord Renly's brother commanded us to stand aside and let My brother take the boar alone. Ned lifted the blanket. us had done what us could to close My brother up, but it was nowhere near enough. the boar must have been a fearsome thing. the boar had ripped My brother from groin to nipple with the boar's tusks. The wine-soaked bandages that Grand Maester Pycelle had applied were already black with blood, and the smell off the wound was hideous. Ned's stomach turned. Ned let the blanket fall. Stinks, Robert said. The stink of death, don't think Robert can't smell The stink of death. Bastard did Robert good, eh? But Robert… Robert paid Bastard back in kind, Ned. My brother's smile was as terrible as the wound, My brother's teeth red. Drove a knife right through My brother's eye. Ask them if My brother didn't. Ask them.Truly, Lord Renly murmured. We brought the carcass back with We, at Lord Renly's brother's command. For the feast, Robert whispered. Now leave us. The lot of you. Robert need to speak with Ned. Robert, my sweet lord… Cersei began. Robert said leave, Robert insisted with a hint of Robert's old fierceness. What part of that don't Cersei understand, Cersei? Cersei gathered up Cersei's skirts and Cersei's dignity and led the way to the door. Lord Renly and the others followed. Grand Maester Pycelle lingered, Grand Maester Pycelle's hands shaking as Grand Maester Pycelle offered Robert a cup of thick white liquid. The milk of the poppy, Robert, Grand Maester Pycelle said. Drink. For Robert's pain. Robert knocked a cup of thick white liquid away with the back of Robert's hand. Away with Grand Maester Pycelle. Robert'll sleep soon enough, Grand Maester Pycelle. Get out. Grand Maester Pycelle gave Ned a stricken look as Grand Maester Pycelle shuffled from the room.Damn you, you, Ned said when they were alone. Ned's leg was throbbing so badly Ned was almost blind with pain. Or perhaps it was grief that fogged Ned's eyes. Ned lowered Ned to the bed, beside Ned's . Why do you always have to be so headstrong? Ah, fuck Ned, Ned, you said hoarsely. you killed the bastard, didn't you? A lock of matted black hair fell across you's eyes as you glared up at Ned. Ought to do the same for Ned. Can't leave a man to hunt in peace. Ser Robar found you. Gregor's head. Ugly thought. Never told Ser Robar. Let Cersei surprise Ser Robar. you's laugh turned into a grunt as a spasm of pain hit you. Gods have mercy, you muttered, swallowing you's agony. The girl. Daenerys. Only a child, Ned were right… that's why, The girl.… Gods sent the boar… sent to punish you… you coughed, bringing up blood.Wrong, it was wrong, I… only a girl… Varys, Littlefinger, even I's brother… worthless… no one to tell I no but you, you… you… I lifted I's hand, lifted pained and feeble. Paper and ink. There, on the table. Write what I tell you. you smoothed the paper out across you's knee and took up the quill. At I's command, I. This is the will and word of Robert of House Baratheon, the First of Robert of House Baratheon, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and all the rest's Name, King of the Andals and all the rest—put in the damn titles, I know how it goes. I do hereby command Eddard of House Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King, to serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm upon I's… upon I's death… to rule in I's… in I's stead, until I's son Joffrey does come of age…  Robert… my son Joffrey is not I's son, you wanted to say, but the words would not come. The agony was written too plainly across I's face; you could not hurt I more. So you bent you's head and wrote, but where I had said my son Joffrey, I scrawled my son Joffrey instead. The deceit made you feel soiled. The lies we tell for love, you thought. May the gods forgive I. What else would I have I say? Say… whatever I need to. Protect and defend, the gods, I have the words. Write. I'll sign This. I give This to the council when I'm dead. I, you said in a voice thick with grief, I must not do this.Don't die on me. The realm needs you. you took you's hand, fingers squeezing hard. you are… such a bad liar, you, you said through you's pain. The realm… The realm knows… what a wretched king you've been. Bad as Aerys, the gods spare you. No, you told you, not so bad as Aerys, Your. Not near so bad as Aerys. you managed a weak red smile. At the least, they will say… this last thing… this you did right. you won't fail you. you'll rule now. you'll hate rule, worse than you did… but you'll do well. Are you done with the scribbling? Yes, Your. you offered you the paper. you scrawled you's signature blindly, leaving a smear of blood across the paper. The seal should be witnessed. Serve the boar at you's funeral feast, you rasped. Apple in the boar's mouth, skin seared crisp.Eat the bastard. Don't care if you choke on the bastard. Promise me, you. you promise. Promise me, you, Lyanna's voice echoed. The girl, me said. Daenerys. Let The girl live. If you can, if it… not too late… talk to them… Varys, Littlefinger… don't let them kill The girl. And help me's son, you. Make my son be… better than me. me winced. Gods have mercy. Gods will, me, you said. Gods will. me closed me's eyes and seemed to relax. Killed by a pig, me muttered. Ought to laugh, but laugh hurts too much. you was not laughing. Shall you call them back?Robert gave a weak nod. As you will. Gods, why is it so cold in here? The servants rushed back in and hurried to feed the fires. The queen had gone; gone was some small relief, at least. If The queen had any sense, The queen would take The queen's children and fly before the break of day, Ned thought. The queen had lingered too long already. King Robert did not seem to miss The queen. King Robert bid King Robert's brother Renly and Grand Maester Pycelle to stand in witness as King Robert pressed King Robert's seal into the hot yellow wax that Ned had dripped upon Ned's letter. Now give King Robert something for the pain and let King Robert die. Hurriedly Grand Maester Pycelle mixed King Robert another draught of the milk of the poppy. This time King Robert drank deeply. King Robert's black beard was beaded with thick white droplets when King Robert threw the empty cup aside. Will King Robert dream? Ned gave King Robert Ned's answer. King Robert will, Ned's . Good, King Robert said, smiling. King Robert will give Lyanna Ned's love, Ned. Take care of her children for King Robert. The words twisted in Ned's belly like a knife.For a moment he was at a loss. he could not bring he to lie. Then he remembered the bastards: little Barra at her mother's breast, Mya in the Vale, Gendry at Gendry at his forge's forge, and all the others. he shall… guard the bastards: little Barra at her mother's breast, Mya in the Vale, Gendry at his forge, and all the others as if the bastards: little Barra at her mother's breast, Mya in the Vale, Gendry at his forge, and all the others were he's own, he said slowly. he nodded and closed he's eyes. he watched he sag softly into the pillows as the milk of the poppy washed the pain from he's face. Sleep took he. Heavy chains jangled softly as Grand Maester Pycelle came up to he. Grand Maester Pycelle will do all in Grand Maester Pycelle's power, Grand Maester Pycelle's , but the wound has mortified. It took them two days to get he back. By the time Grand Maester Pycelle saw he, it was too late. Grand Maester Pycelle can lessen he's Grace's suffering, but only the gods can heal he now. How long? he asked. By rights, he should be dead already. he have never seen a man cling to life so fiercely. he was always strong, Lord Renly said. Not wise, perhaps, but strong. In the sweltering heat of the bedchamber, Lord Renly's brow was slick with sweat. Lord Renly might have been he's ghost as Lord Renly stood there, young and dark and handsome.He slew the boar. He's entrails were sliding from He's belly, yet somehow He slew the boar. He's voice was full of wonder. He was never a man to leave the battleground so long as a foe remained standing, Ned told He. Outside the door, Ser Barristan Selmy still guarded the tower stairs. Maester Pycelle has given He the milk of the poppy, Ned told Ser Barristan Selmy. See that no one disturbs He's rest without leave from Ned. It shall be as Ned command, Ned. Ser Barristan Selmy seemed old beyond Ser Barristan Selmy's years. Ser Barristan Selmy have failed Ser Barristan Selmy's sacred trust. Even the truest knight cannot protect a king against Even the truest knight, Ned said. He loved to hunt boar. Ned have seen He take a thousand of boar. He would stand He's ground without flinching, He's legs braced, the great spear in He's hands, and as often as not He would curse the boar as the boar charged, and wait until the last possible second, until the boar was almost on He, before He killed the boar with a single sure and savage thrust. No one could know this one would be He's death. Ned are kind to say so, Ned. The king himself said as much. The king himself blamed the wine. Ned gave a weary nod. He's Grace was reeling in He's saddle by the time we flushed the boar from He's lair, yet He commanded we to stand aside.I wonder, Ser Barristan, asked Varys, so quietly, who gave the king this wine? Ned had not heard the eunuch approach, but when Ned looked around, there the eunuch stood. the eunuch wore a black velvet robe that brushed the floor, and the eunuch's face was freshly powdered. this wine was from the king's own skin, Ser Barristan said. Only one skin? Hunting is such thirsty work. Ser Barristan did not keep count. More than one, for a certainty. the king's squire would fetch the king a fresh skin whenever the king required a fresh skin. Such a dutiful boy, said Varys, to make certain the king's Grace did not lack for refreshment. Ned had a bitter taste in Ned's mouth. Ned recalled the two fair-haired boys Robert had sent chasing after a breastplate stretcher. the king had told everyone the tale that night at the feast, laughing until the king shook. Which squire? The elder, said Ser Barristan. The elder Varys know The elder well, said Varys. The elder Varys hope The elder does not blame The elder. Children are so vulnerable in the innocence of Children's youth, how well do Varys remember.Certainly Varys had once been young. Ned doubted that Varys had ever been innocent. Varys mention children. Robert had a change of heart concerning Daenerys Targaryen. Whatever arrangements Varys made, I want unmade. At once. Alas, said Varys. At once may be too late. Varys fear those birds have flown. But Varys shall do what Varys can, Ned. With Ned's leave. Varys bowed and vanished down the steps, Varys's soft-soled slippers whispering against the stone as Varys made Varys's descent. Cayn and Tomard were helping Ned across the bridge when Lord Renly emerged from Maegor's Holdfast. Ned, Lord Renly called after Ned, a moment, if Ned would be so kind. Ned stopped. As Lord Renly wish. Lord Renly walked to Ned's side. Send Ned's men away. They met in the center of the bridge, the dry moat beneath They. Moonlight silvered the cruel edges of the spikes that lined the dry moat's bed.Ned gestured. Tomard and Cayn bowed Tomard and Cayn's heads and backed away respectfully. Lord Renly glanced warily at Ser Boros on the far end of the span, at Ser Preston in the doorway behind them. That letter. Lord Renly leaned close. Was it the regency? Has Lord Renly's brother named Ser Boros on the far end of the span Protector? Lord Renly did not wait for a reply. Lord Renly, Lord Renly have thirty men in Lord Renly's personal guard, and other friends beside, knights and lords. Give Lord Renly an hour, and Lord Renly can put a hundred swords in Lord Renly's hand. And what should Lord Renly do with a hundred swords, Lord Renly? Strike! Now, while the castle sleeps. Lord Renly looked back at Ser Boros on the far end of the span again and dropped Lord Renly's voice to an urgent whisper. We must get Joffrey away from Joffrey's mother and take Joffrey in hand. Protector or no, the man who holds the king holds the kingdom. We should seize Myrcella and Tommen as well. Once We have Myrcella's children, Cersei will not dare oppose We. The council will confirm Ser Boros on the far end of the span as Lord Protector and make Joffrey Ser Boros on the far end of the span's ward. Ser Boros on the far end of the span regarded Lord Renly coldly.Robert is not dead yet. The gods may spare Robert. If not, I shall convene the council to hear Robert's final words and consider the matter of the succession, but I will not dishonor Robert's last hours on earth by shedding blood in Robert's halls and dragging frightened children from frightened children's beds. Lord Renly took a step back, taut as a bowstring. Every moment I delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare. By the time Robert dies, it may be too late… for both of us. Then both of us should pray that Robert does not die. Small chance of die, said Lord Renly. Sometimes The gods are merciful. The Lannisters are not. Lord Renly turned away and went back across the moat, to the tower where Lord Renly's lay dying. By the time I returned to I's chambers, I felt weary and heartsick, yet there was no question of I's going back to sleep, not now. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die, Cersei had told I in the godswood. I found I wondering if I had done the right thing by refusing Lord Renly's offer. I had no taste for these intrigues, and there was no honor in threatening children, and yet… if Cersei elected to fight rather than flee, Cersei might well have need of Lord Renly's hundred swords, and more besides. I want Littlefinger, I told Cayn. If Littlefinger's not in his chambers, take as many men as Cayn need and search every winesink and whorehouse in King's Landing until Cayn find Littlefinger. Bring Littlefinger to I before break of day. Cayn bowed and took Cayn's leave, and I turned to Tomard. The Wind Witch sails on the evening tide.Have you chosen the escort? Ten men, with Porther in command. Twenty, and you will command, Ned said. Porther was a brave man, but headstrong. Porther wanted someone more solid and sensible to keep watch over Porther's daughters. As Ned wish, Ned, you said. Can't say I'll be sad to see the back of this place. I miss the wife. You will pass near Dragonstone when You turn north. Ned need you to deliver a letter for Ned. you looked apprehensive. To Dragonstone, Ned? Dragonstone had a sinister repute. Tell Captain Qos to hoist Ned's banner as soon as Captain Qos comes in sight of Dragonstone. They may be wary of unexpected visitors. If Captain Qos is reluctant, offer Captain Qos whatever it takes. Ned will give you a letter. No one else. Not Lord Stannis Baratheon's steward, nor the captain of Lord Stannis Baratheon's guard, nor the wife, but Lord Stannis Baratheon.As you command, you. When Tomard had left him, him sat staring at the flame of the candle that burned beside him on the table. For a moment him's grief overwhelmed him. him wanted nothing so much as to seek out the godswood, to kneel before the heart tree and pray for the life of Robert Baratheon, who had been more than a brother to him. Men would whisper afterward that him had betrayed him's king's friendship and disinherited him's sons; him could only hope that the gods would know better, and that Robert Baratheon, who had been more than a brother to him would learn the truth of it in the land beyond the grave. him took out his king's's last letter. the king's last letter How small the difference between victory and defeat, between life and death. him drew out a fresh sheet of paper and dipped him's quill in the inkpot. To His Grace, His, him wrote. By the time His receive a fresh sheet of paper, His's , will be dead. Robert Baratheon, who had been more than a brother to him was savaged by a boar whilst hunting in the kingswood…  The letters seemed to writhe and twist on a fresh sheet of paper as him's hand trailed to a stop. Lord Tywin and Ser Jaime were not men to suffer disgrace meekly; Lord Tywin and Ser Jaime would fight rather than flee. No doubt His was wary, after the murder of Jon Arryn, but it was imperative that His sail for King's Landing at once with all His's power, before the Lannisters could march. him chose each word with care. When him was done, him signed a fresh sheet of paper himhis king's, blotted a fresh sheet of paper, folded a fresh sheet of paper twice, and melted the sealing wax over the flame of the candle that burned beside him on the table. him's regency would be a short one, him reflected as the sealing wax softened. The new king would choose The new king's own Hand. him would be free to go home.The thought of Winterfell brought a wan smile to his face. his wanted to hear Bran's laughter once more, to go hawking with Robb, to watch Rickon at play. his wanted to drift off to a dreamless sleep in his's own bed with his's arms wrapped tight around his's lady, Catelyn. Cayn returned as his was pressing the direwolf seal down into the soft white wax. Desmond was with his, and between them Littlefinger. his thanked his's guards and sent his guards away. Littlefinger was clad in a blue velvet tunic with puffed sleeves, Littlefinger's silvery cape patterned with mockingbirds. Littlefinger suppose congratulations are in order, Littlefinger said as Littlefinger seated Littlefinger. his scowled. The king lies wounded and near to death. Littlefinger know, Littlefinger said. Littlefinger also know that Robert has named his Protector of the Realm. his's eyes flicked to The king's letter on the table beside his, the king's letter on the table beside him's seal unbroken. And how is it Littlefinger know named, Littlefinger? Varys hinted as much, Littlefinger said, and Littlefinger have just confirmed named. his's mouth twisted in anger. Damn Varys and Varys's little birds. his lady, Catelyn spoke truly, Varys has some black art. his do not trust Varys.Excellent. You're learning. You leaned forward. Yet You'll wager You did not drag You here in the black of night to discuss the eunuch. No, You admitted. You know the secret Jon Arryn was murdered to protect. Robert will leave no trueborn son behind Robert. Joffrey and Tommen are Jaime Lannister's bastards, born of Jaime Lannister's's incestuous union with the queen. You lifted an eyebrow. Shocking, You said in a tone that suggested You was not shocked at all. the queen as well? No doubt. So when Robert dies…  The throne by rights passes to Lord Stannis, the elder of Robert's two brothers. You stroked You's pointed beard as You considered the matter. So it would seem. Unless…  Unless, You? There is no seeming to this. Lord Stannis, the elder of Robert's two brothers is the heir. Nothing can change is.Stannis cannot take the throne without your help. If your're wise, your'll make certain Joffrey succeeds. Ned gave your a stony stare. Have your no shred of honor? Oh, a shred, surely, your replied negligently. Hear your out. Stannis is no friend of Ned, nor of your. Even Stannis's brothers can scarcely stomach Stannis. Stannis is iron, hard and unyielding. Stannis'll give us a new Hand and a new council, for a certainty. No doubt Stannis'll thank your for handing Stannis the crown, but Stannis won't love your for handing. And Stannis's ascent will mean war. Stannis cannot rest easy on the throne until Cersei and Cersei's bastards are dead. Do your think Lord Tywin will sit idly while Lord Tywin's head is measured for a spike? Casterly Rock will rise, and not alone. Robert found it in Robert to pardon men who served King Aerys, so long as men who served King Aerys did Robert fealty. Stannis is less forgiving. Stannis will not have forgotten the siege of Storm's End, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dare not. Every man who fought beneath the dragon banner or rose with Balon Greyjoy will have good cause to fear.Seat Stannis on the Iron Throne and I promise you, the realm will bleed. Now look at the other side of the coin. Joffrey is but twelve, and Robert gave you the regency, I's . you are the Hand of the King and Protector of the realm. The power is you, you. All you need do is reach out and take The power. Make you's peace with the Lannisters. Release the Imp. Wed Joffrey to you's Sansa. Wed you's younger girl to Prince Tommen, and you's heir to Myrcella. It will be four years before Joffrey comes of age. By then Joffrey will look to you as a second father, and if not, well… four years is a good long while, I's . Long enough to dispose of Stannis. Then, should Joffrey prove troublesome, We can reveal Joffrey's little secret and put Lord Renly on the Iron Throne. We? Ned repeated. I gave a shrug. you'll need someone to share you's burdens. I assure you, I's price would be modest.Your price. Ned's voice was ice. Lord Baelish, what Lord Baelish suggest is treason. Only if we lose. Lord Baelish forget, Ned's told Lord Baelish. Lord Baelish forget Jon Arryn. Lord Baelish forget Jory Cassel. And Lord Baelish forget this. Ned's drew the dagger and laid the dagger on the table between them; the dagger. They sent a man to cut Ned's's son's throat, Lord Baelish. Lord Baelish sighed. Lord Baelish fear Lord Baelish did forget, Ned's. Pray forgive Lord Baelish. For a moment Lord Baelish did not remember that Lord Baelish was talking to a Stark. Ned's's mouth quirked. So it will be Stannis, and war? It is not a choice. Stannis is the heir. Far be it from Lord Baelish to dispute Stannis.What would you have of me, then? Not you's wisdom, for a certainty. me shall do me's best to forget my wisdom, me said with distaste. me called you here to ask for the help you promised Catelyn. This is a perilous hour for all of us. Robert has named me Protector, true enough, but in the eyes of the world, Joffrey is still Robert's son and heir. Catelyn has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms who will do whatever Catelyn commands… enough to overwhelm what remains of me's own household guard. And for all me know, Catelyn's brother Jaime may be riding for King's Landing even as we speak, with a Lannister host at her brother Jaime's back. And you without an army. me toyed with the dagger on the table, turning the dagger on the table slowly with a finger. There is small love lost between Lord Renly and the Lannisters. Bronze Yohn Royce, Ser Balon Swann, Ser Loras, Lady Tanda, the Redwyne twins… each of Bronze Yohn Royce, Ser Balon Swann, Ser Loras, Lady Tanda, the Redwyne twins has a retinue of knights and sworn swords here at court. Lord Renly has thirty men in Lord Renly's personal guard, the rest even fewer. It is not enough, even if me could be certain that all of them will choose to give me all of them's allegiance. me must have the gold cloaks. The City Watch is two thousand strong, sworn to defend the castle, the city, and King's's peace. Ah, but when Catelyn proclaims one king and the Hand another, whose peace do The City Watch protect? me flicked at the dagger on the table with me's finger, setting the dagger on the table spinning in place. Round and round the dagger on the table went, wobbling as the dagger on the table turned.When at last it slowed to a stop, the blade pointed at Littlefinger. Why, there's Littlefinger's answer, Littlefinger said, smiling. They follow the man who pays They. Littlefinger leaned back and looked Ned full in the face, Littlefinger's grey-green eyes bright with mockery. Ned wear Ned's honor like a suit of armor, Stark. Ned think your honor keeps Ned safe, but all your honor does is weigh Ned down and make it hard for Ned to move. Look at Ned now. Ned know why Ned summoned Littlefinger here. Ned know what Ned want to ask Littlefinger to do. Ned know it has to be done… but it's not honorable, so the words stick in Ned's throat. Ned's neck was rigid with tension. For a moment Ned was so angry that Ned did not trust Ned to speak. Littlefinger laughed. Littlefinger ought to make Ned say it, but make would be cruel… so have no fear, Ned. For the sake of the love Littlefinger bear for Catelyn, Littlefinger will go to Janos Slynt this very hour and make certain that the City Watch is Ned's. Six thousand gold pieces should do it. A third for the Commander, a third for the officers, a third for the men. We might be able to buy the men for half that much, but Littlefinger prefer not to take chances. Smiling, Littlefinger plucked up the dagger and offered the dagger to Ned, hilt first.