 Jon was breaking Jon's fast on applecakes and blood sausage when Samwell Tarly plopped Samwell Tarly down on the bench. Samwell Tarly've been summoned to the sept, Samwell Tarly said in an excited whisper. They're passing Samwell Tarly out of training. Samwell Tarly'm to be made a brother with the rest of you. Can Jon believe made? No, truly? Truly. Samwell Tarly'm to assist Maester Aemon with the library and the birds. Maester Aemon needs someone who can read and write letters. Samwell Tarly'll do well at assist, Jon said, smiling. Samwell Tarly glanced about anxiously.Is it time to go? I shouldn't be late, they might change they's minds. I was fairly bouncing as they crossed the weed-strewn courtyard. The day was warm and sunny. Rivulets of water trickled down the sides of the Wall, so the ice seemed to sparkle and shine. Inside the sept, the great crystal caught the morning light as the morning light streamed through the south-facing window and spread the great crystal in a rainbow on the altar. Pyp's mouth dropped open when Pyp's caught sight of Sam, and Toad poked Grenn in the ribs, but no one dared say a word. Septon Celladar was swinging a censer, filling the air with fragrant incense that reminded I of Lady Stark's little sept in Winterfell. For once Septon Celladar seemed sober. The high officers arrived in a body; Maester Aemon leaning on Clydas, Ser Alliser cold-eyed and grim, Lord Commander Mormont resplendent in a black wool doublet with silvered bearclaw fastenings. Behind The high officers came the senior members of the three orders: red-faced Bowen Marsh the Lord Steward, First Builder Othell Yarwyck, and Ser Jaremy Rykker, who commanded the rangers in the absence of Lady Stark's.Mormont stood before the altar, the rainbow shining on Mormont's broad bald head. You came to us outlaws, Mormont began, us outlaws. You came to us children. You came to us outlaws alone, in chains, with neither friends nor honor. You came to us outlaws rich, and You came to us outlaws poor. Some of You bear the names of proud houses. Others have only bastards' names, or no names at all. It makes no matter. All that is past now. On the Wall, us outlaws are all one house. At evenfall, as the sun sets and us outlaws face the gathering night, You shall take You's vows.From that moment, you will be a Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch. you's crimes will be washed away, you's debts forgiven. So too you must wash away you's former loyalties, put aside you's grudges, forget old wrongs and old loves alike. Here you begin anew. A man of the Night's Watch lives A man of the Night's Watch's life for the realm. Not for a king, nor a lord, nor the honor of this house or this house, neither for gold nor glory nor a woman's love, but for the realmthe realm. A man of the Night's Watch takes no wife and fathers no sons. Our wife is duty. Our's mistress is honor. And you are the only sons Our shall ever know. you have learned the words of the vow.Think carefully before you say them, for once you have taken the black, there is no turning back. The penalty for desertion is death. The Old Bear paused for a moment before The Old Bear said, Are there any among you who wish to leave our company? If so, go now, and no one shall think the less of you. No one moved. Well and good, said The Old Bear. you may take you's vows here at evenfall, before Septon Celladar and the first of you's order. Do any of you keep to the old gods? Jon stood. Jon do, Jon. Jon expect Jon will want to say Jon's words before a heart tree, as Jon's uncle did, The Old Bear said.Yes, my lord, Jon said. The gods of the sept had nothing to do with Jon; the blood of the First Men flowed in the veins of the Starks. Jon heard Grenn whispering behind Jon. There's no godswood here. Is there? Grenn never saw a godswood. Grenn wouldn't see a herd of aurochs until a herd of aurochs trampled Grenn into the snow, Jon whispered back. Grenn would so, Grenn insisted. Grenn'd see a herd of aurochs a long way off. Mormont himself confirmed Grenn's doubts. Castle Black has no need of a godswood.Beyond the Wall the haunted forest stands as the haunted forest stood in the Dawn Age, long before the Andals brought the Seven across the narrow sea. You will find a grove of weirwoods half a league from this spot, and mayhap You's gods as well. My lord. The voice made Jon glance back in surprise. Samwell Tarly was on Samwell Tarly's feet. Samwell Tarly wiped Samwell Tarly's sweaty palms against Samwell Tarly's tunic. Might Samwell Tarly… might Samwell Tarly go as well? To say Samwell Tarly's words at this heart tree? Does Samwell Tarly keep your gods too? Mormont asked. No, Jon, Samwell Tarly replied in a thin, nervous voice.The high officers frightened him, him knew, the Old Bear most of all. him was named in the light of the Seven at the sept on Horn Hill, as him's father was, and my father's father, and all the Tarlys for a thousand years. Why would him forsake the gods of my father and him's House? wondered Ser Jaremy Rykker. The Night's Watch is your House now, him said. the Seven have never answered him's prayers. Perhaps the old gods will. As him wish, him, Mormont said. him took him's seat again, as did him. We have placed each of you in an order, as befits We's need and you's own strengths and skills. Bowen Marsh stepped forward and handed him a paper.The Lord Commander unrolled it and began to read. Haider, to the builders, The Lord Commander began. Haider gave a stiff nod of approval. Grenn, to the rangers. Albett, to the builders. Pypar, to the rangers. Pypar looked over at The Lord Commander and wiggled Pypar's ears. Samwell, to the stewards. Samwell sagged with relief, mopping at Samwell's brow with,a scrap of silk. Matthar, to the rangers. Dareon, to the stewards.Todder, to the rangers. Jon, to the stewards. the stewards For a moment Jon could not believe what Jon had heard. Mormont must have read it wrong. Jon started to rise, to open Jon's mouth, to tell the stewards there had been a mistake… and then Jon saw Ser Alliser studying Jon, eyes shiny as two flakes of obsidian, and Jon knew. Ser Alliser rolled up it. Your firsts will instruct Your in Your's duties. May all the gods preserve Your, Your. Ser Alliser favored Your with a half bow, and took Ser Alliser's leave. Ser Alliser went with Ser Alliser, a thin smile on Ser Alliser's face.Jon had never seen the master-at-arms took quite so happy. Rangers with me, me called when Rangers with me were gone. Pyp was staring at Jon as Jon got slowly to Jon's feet. Jon's ears were red. Grenn, grinning broadly, did not seem to realize that anything was amiss. Matt and Toad fell in beside Matt and Toad, and Matt and Toad followed me from the sept.  Builders, announced lantern-jawed Othell Yarwyck. Haider and Albett trailed out after lantern-jawed Othell Yarwyck. Jon looked around Jon in sick disbelief. Maester Aemon's blind eyes were raised toward the light Maester Aemon's could not see. Maester Aemon's was arranging crystals on the altar. Only Sam and Darcon remained on the benches; a fat boy, a singer… and Jon.Lord Steward Bowen Marsh rubbed Lord Steward Bowen Marsh's plump hands together. Samwell, Samwell will assist Maester Aemon in the rookery and library. Chett is going to the kennels, to help with the hounds. Samwell shall have Chett's cell, so as to be close to Maester Aemon night and day. Lord Steward Bowen Marsh trust Samwell will take good care of Chett. Chett is very old and very precious to us. Dareon, Lord Steward Bowen Marsh am told that Dareon sang at many a high lord's table and shared many a high lord's's meat and mead. us are sending Dareon to Eastwatch. It may be Dareon's palate will be some help to Cotter Pyke when merchant galleys come trading. We are paying too dear for salt beef and pickled fish, and the quality of the olive oil We're getting has been frightful, Present Dareon to Borcas when Dareon arrive, Borcas will keep Dareon busy between ships. Lord Steward Bowen Marsh turned Lord Steward Bowen Marsh's smile on Dareon.Lord Commander Mormont has requested you for Lord Commander Mormont's personal steward, Jon. you'll sleep in a cell beneath Lord Commander Mormont's chambers, in Lord Commander Mormont's tower. And what will you's duties be? you asked sharply. Will you serve Lord Commander Mormont's meals, help Lord Commander Mormont fasten Lord Commander Mormont's clothes, fetch hot water for Lord Commander Mormont's bath? Certainly. you frowned at you's tone. And you will run Lord Commander Mormont's messages, keep a fire burning in his chambers, change Lord Commander Mormont's sheets and blankets daily, and do all else that Lord Commander Mormont might require of you. Do you take you for a servant? No, Maester Aemon said, from the back of the sept. Clydas helped Maester Aemon stand. We took Maester Aemon for a man of the Night's Watch… but perhaps We were wrong in took.It was all Jon could do to stop Jon from walking out. Was Jon supposed to churn butter and sew doublets like a girl for the rest of Jon's days? May Jon go? Jon asked stiffly. As Jon wish, Bowen Marsh responded. Dareon and Sam left with Jon. Dareon and Sam descended to the yard in silence. Outside, Jon looked up at the Wall shining in the sun, the melting ice creeping down the Wall shining in the sun's side in a hundred thin fingers. Jon's rage was such that Jon would have smashed the Wall shining in the sun in an instant, and the world be damned. Jon, Samwell Tarly said excitedly. Wait.Don't you see what they're doing? you turned on you in a fury. you see Ser Alliser's bloody hand, Ser Alliser's bloody hand's all you see. Ser Alliser's wanted to shame you, and Ser Alliser's has. you gave you a look. they are fine for the likes of you and me, you, but not for Lord Snow. Lord Snow'm a better swordsman and a better rider than any of you, you blazed back. It's not fair! Fair? you sneered. The girl was waiting for Lord Snow, naked as the day The girl was born.She pulled me through the window, and me talk to me of fair? me walked off. There is no shame in being a steward, Sam said. Do me think me want to spend the rest of me's life washing an old man's smallclothes? an old man's is Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, Sam reminded an old man's. an old man's'll be with an old man's day and night. Yes, an old man's'll pour an old man's's wine and see that an old man's's bed linen is fresh, but an old man's'll also take an old man's's letters, attend an old man's at meetings, squire for an old man's in battle. an old man's'll be as close to an old man's as an old man's's shadow. an old man's'll know everything, be a part of everything… and Sam said Mormont asked for an old man's Mormont! When me was little, me's father used to insist that me attend my father in the audience chamber whenever my father held court. When my father rode to Highgarden to bend my father's knee to Lord Tyrell, my father made me come.Later, though, he started to take Dickon and leave me at home, and he no longer cared whether me sat through he's audiences, so long as Dickon was there. he wanted he's heir at he's side, don't you see? To watch and listen and learn from all he did. I'll wager wanted's why Lord Mormont requested you, you. What else could it be? he wants to groom you for command! you was taken aback. It was true, Lord Eddard had often made Robb part of Lord Eddard's councils back at Winterfell. Could I be right? Even a bastard could rise high in the Night's Watch, they said. you never asked for rise, you said stubbornly.None of us are here for asking, Sam reminded him. And suddenly Jon Snow was ashamed. Craven or not, Samwell Tarly had found the courage to accept Samwell Tarly's fate like a man. On the Wall, a man gets only what a man earns, Benjen Stark had said the last night Jon Snow had seen Samwell Tarly alive. Jon Snow're no ranger, Jon Snow, only a green boy with the smell of summer still on Jon Snow. Jon Snow'd heard it said that bastards grow up faster than other children; on the Wall, you grew up or you died. Jon Snow let out a deep sigh. You have the right of it. Jon Snow was acting the boy. Then Jon Snow'll stay and say Jon Snow's words with Jon Snow? The old gods will be expecting us.He made He smile. They set out late that afternoon. The Wall had no gates as such, neither here at Castle Black nor anywhere along The Wall's three hundred miles. They led They's horses down a narrow tunnel cut through the ice, cold dark walls pressing in around They as a narrow tunnel cut through the ice twisted and turned. Three times They's way was blocked by iron bars, and They had to stop while Bowen Marsh drew out Bowen Marsh's keys and unlocked the massive chains that secured They. He could sense the vast weight pressing down on He as He waited behind Bowen Marsh. The air was colder than a tomb, and more still. He felt a strange relief when They reemerged into the afternoon light on the north side of The Wall. Sam blinked at the sudden glare and looked around apprehensively. The wildlings… The wildlings wouldn't… The wildlings'd never dare come this close to The Wall. Would The wildlings?They never have. Jon climbed into Jon's saddle. When Bowen Marsh and their ranger escort had mounted, Jon put two fingers in Jon's mouth and whistled. Ghost came loping out of the tunnel. The Lord Steward's garron whickered and backed away from Ghost. Do Jon mean to take Ghost? Yes, The Lord Steward's, Jon said. Ghost's head lifted. Ghost seemed to taste the air. In the blink of an eye Ghost was off, racing across the broad, weed-choked field to vanish in the trees. Once they had entered the trees, they were in a different world.Jon had often hunted with Jon's father and Jory and Jon's brother Robb. Jon knew the wolfswood around Winterfell as well as any man. the wolfswood around Winterfell was much the same, and yet the feel of the wolfswood around Winterfell was very different. Perhaps it was all in the knowing. They had ridden past the end of the world; somehow ridden changed everything. Every shadow seemed darker, every sound more ominous. The trees pressed close and shut out the light of the setting sun. A thin crust of snow cracked beneath the hooves of They's horses, with a sound like breaking bones. When the wind set the leaves to rustling, it was like a chilly finger tracing a path up Jon's spine. The Wall was at They's backs, and only the gods knew what lay ahead. the setting sun was sinking below the trees when They reached They's destination, a small clearing in the deep of the wolfswood around Winterfell where nine weirwoods grew in a rough circle.Jon drew in a breath, and Jon saw Sam Tarly staring. Even in the wolfswood, you never found more than two or three of the white trees growing together; a grove of nine was unheard of. The forest floor was carpeted with fallen leaves, bloodred on top, black rot beneath. The wide smooth trunks were bone pale, and nine faces stared inward. The dried sap that crusted in the eyes was red and hard as ruby. Bowen Marsh commanded them to leave them's horses outside the circle. the circle is a sacred place, them will not defile the circle. When them entered the circle, Sam Tarly turned slowly looking at each face in turn. No two were quite alike. They're watching them, Sam Tarly whispered. TheyYes. Jon knelt, and Sam knelt beside Jon. They said the words together, as the last light faded in the west and grey day became black night. Hear my words, and bear witness to my's vow, They recited, They's voices filling the twilit grove. Night gathers, and now my's watch begins. my watch shall not end until my's death. my shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. my shall wear no crowns and win no glory. my shall live and die at my's post. my am the sword in the darkness. my am the watcher on the walls.I am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge I's life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come. The woods fell silent. You knelt as boys, Bowen Marsh intoned solemnly. Rise now as men of the Night's Watch. Jon held out a hand to pull I back to I's feet. The rangers gathered round to offer smiles and congratulations, all but the gnarled old forester Dywen. Best we be starting back, Jon, the gnarled old forester Dywen said to Bowen Marsh. Dark's falling, and there's something in the smell o' the night that the gnarled old forester Dywen mislike. And suddenly Ghost was back, stalking softly between two weirwoods. White fur and red eyes, Jon realized, disquieted.Like the trees…  The wolf had something in The wolf's jaws. Something black. What's The wolf got there? asked Bowen Marsh, frowning. To Bowen Marsh, Ghost. Jon knelt. Bring something here. The wolf trotted to Jon. Jon heard Samwell Tarly's sharp intake of breath. Gods be good, Dywen muttered. something's a hand.