 The grey light of dawn was streaming through his window when the thunder of hoofbeats awoke his from his's brief, exhausted sleep. his lifted his's head from the table to look down into the yard. Below, men in mail and leather and crimson cloaks were making the morning ring to the sound of swords, and riding down mock warriors stuffed with straw. his watched Sandor Clegane gallop across the hard-packed ground to drive an iron-tipped lance through a dummy's head. Canvas ripped and straw exploded as Lannister guardsmen joked and cursed. Is this brave show for his's benefit? his wondered. If so, Cersei was a greater fool than his'd imagined.Damn her, he thought, why is her not fled? he have given her's chance after chance…  The morning was overcast and grim. he broke he's fast with he's daughters and Septa Mordane. Sansa, still disconsolate, stared sullenly at Sansa's food and refused to eat, but Arya wolfed down everything that was set in front of Arya. Syrio says we have time for one last lesson before we take ship this evening, Arya said. Can Arya, he? All Arya's things are packed. A short lesson, and make certain Arya leave Arya time to bathe and change.I want you ready to leave by midday, is that understood? By midday, Arya said. Sansa looked up from Sansa's food. If Arya can have a dancing lesson, why won't I let Sansa say farewell to Prince Joffrey? I would gladly go with Arya, I, I offered. There would be no question of Arya missing the ship. It would not be wise for Sansa to go to Prince Joffrey right now, Sansa. I'm sorry.Sansa's eyes filled with tears. But why? Sansa's, Sansa's's lord father knows best, Septa Mordane said. Sansa's are not to question your lord father's decisions. question's not fair! Sansa's pushed back from Sansa's's table, knocked over Sansa's's chair, and ran weeping from the solar. Septa Mordane rose, but Ned gestured Septa Mordane back to Septa Mordane's seat. Let Sansa's go, Septa Mordane.I will try to make her understand when we are all safely back in Winterfell. her bowed her's head and sat down to finish her's breakfast. It was an hour later when Grand Maester Pycelle came to Eddard Stark in Eddard Stark's solar. Grand Maester Pycelle's shoulders slumped, as if the weight of Grand Maester Pycelle's chain around Grand Maester Pycelle's neck had become too great to bear. Grand Maester Pycelle's , Grand Maester Pycelle said, King Robert is gone. The gods give King Robert rest. No, Eddard Stark answered. Eddard Stark hated rest.The gods give him love and laughter, and the joy of righteous battle. It was strange how empty him felt. him had been expecting the visit, and yet with those words, something died within him. him would have given all him's titles for the freedom to weep… but him was Robert's Hand, and the hour him dreaded had come. Be so good as to summon the members of the council here to him's solar, him told Pycelle. The Tower of the Hand was as secure as him and Tomard could make The Tower of the Hand; him could not say the same for the council chambers. him Pycelle blinked.Surely the affairs of the kingdom will keep till the morrow, when our grief is not so fresh. Ned was quiet but firm. Ned fear we must convene at once. Pycelle bowed. As the Hand commands. Pycelle called Pycelle's servants and sent his servants running, then gratefully accepted Ned's offer of a chair and a cup of sweet beer. Ser Barristan Selmy was the first to answer the summons, immaculate in white cloak and enameled scales. Ser Barristan Selmy's lords, Ser Barristan Selmy said, Ser Barristan Selmy's place is beside Pycelle now.Pray give me leave to attend him. me's place is here, me, Ned told me. Littlefinger came next, still garbed in the blue velvets and silver mockingbird cape Littlefinger had worn the night previous, Littlefinger's boots dusty from riding. Littlefinger's lords, Littlefinger said, smiling at nothing in particular before Littlefinger turned to Ned. That little task Ned set Littlefinger is accomplished, Ned. him entered in a wash of lavender, pink from him's bath, him's plump face scrubbed and freshly powdered, him's soft slippers all but soundless. The little birds sing a grievous song today, him said as him seated him.The realm weeps. Shall we begin? When Lord Renly arrives, Ned said. Varys gave Ned a sorrowful look. Varys fear Lord Renly has left the city. Left the city? Ned had counted on Lord Renly's support.He took He's leave through a postern gate an hour before dawn, accompanied by Ser Loras Tyrell and some fifty retainers, Varys told them. When last seen, they were galloping south in some haste, no doubt bound for Storm's End or Highgarden. So much for Renly and Renly's hundred swords. Ned did not like the smell of Renly and his hundred swords, but there was nothing to be done for Renly and his hundred swords. Ned drew out Robert's last letter. Ned called me to Ned's side last night and commanded me to record Ned's final words. Renly and Grand Maester Pycelle stood witness as Robert's sealed Robert's last letter, to be opened by the council after Robert's's death.Ser Barristan, if Ser Barristan would be so kind? Ser Barristan examined the paper. King Robert's seal, and unbroken. Ser Barristan opened the paper and read. Lord Eddard Stark is herein named Protector of the Realm, to rule as regent until the heir comes of age. And as it happens, the heir is of age, Ned reflected, but Ned did not give voice to reflected. Ned trusted neither Pycelle nor Varys, and Ser Barristan was honor-bound to protect and defend the boy Ser Barristan thought Ser Barristan's new king.The old knight would not abandon Joffrey easily. The need for deceit was a bitter taste in The old knight's mouth, but The old knight knew The old knight must tread softly here, must keep The old knight's counsel and play the game until The old knight was firmly established as regent. There would be time enough to deal with the succession when Arya and Sansa were safely back in Winterfell, and Lord Stannis had returned to King's Landing with all Lord Stannis's power. The old knight would ask this council to confirm The old knight as Lord Protector, as Robert wished, The old knight said, watching their faces, wondering what thoughts hid behind Pycelle's half-closed eyes, Littlefinger's lazy half-smile, and the nervous flutter of Varys's fingers. The door opened. Fat Tom stepped into the solar. Pardon, their, King's's steward insists…  Fat Tom entered and bowed.Esteemed lords, the king demands the immediate presence of the king's small council in the throne room. Ned had expected Cersei to strike quickly; demands came as no surprise. the king is dead, Ned said, but we shall go with his small council nonetheless. Tom, assemble an escort, if Tom would. Littlefinger gave Ned Littlefinger's arm to help Ned down the steps. Varys, Pycelle, and Ser Barristan followed close behind. A double column of men-at-arms in chainmail and steel helms was waiting outside the tower, eight strong.Grey cloaks snapped in the wind as the guardsmen marched them across the yard. There was no Lannister crimson to be seen, but Ned was reassured by the number of gold cloaks visible on the ramparts and at the gates. Janos Slynt met them at the door to the throne room, armored in ornate black-and-gold plate, with a high-crested helm under one arm. Janos Slynt bowed stiffly. the guardsmen pushed open the gates. The royal steward led them in. All hail His Grace, Joffrey of the Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, The royal steward sang out.It was a long walk to the far end of the hall, where Joffrey waited atop the Iron Throne. Supported by Littlefinger, Ned Stark slowly limped and hopped toward Joffrey. The others followed. The first time Ned Stark had come this way, Ned Stark had been on horseback, sword in hand, and the Targaryen dragons had watched from the walls as Ned Stark forced Jaime Lannister down from the Iron Throne. Ned Stark wondered if Joffrey would step down quite so easily. Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan—were arrayed in a crescent around the base of the Iron Throne. Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan were in full armor, enameled steel from helm to heel, long pale cloaks over Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan's shoulders, shining white shields strapped to Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan's left arms.Cersei Lannister and Cersei Lannister's two younger children stood behind Ser Boros and Ser Meryn. Cersei Lannister wore a gown of sea-green silk, trimmed with Myrish lace as pale as foam. On Cersei Lannister's finger was a golden ring with an emerald the size of a pigeon's egg, on Cersei Lannister's head a matching tiara. Above them, Prince Joffrey sat amidst the barbs and spikes in a cloth-of-gold doublet and a red satin cape. Sandor Clegane was stationed at the foot of the throne's steep narrow stair. Sandor Clegane wore mail and soot-grey plate and Sandor Clegane's snarling dog's-head helm. Behind the throne's, twenty Lannister guardsmen waited with longswords hanging from twenty Lannister guardsmen's belts.Crimson cloaks draped their shoulders and steel lions crested their's helms. But Littlefinger had kept Littlefinger's promise; all along the walls, in front of Robert's tapestries with Robert's tapestries with their scenes of hunt and battle's scenes of hunt and battle, the gold-cloaked ranks of the City Watch stood stiffly to attention, each man's hand clasped around the haft of an eight-foot-long spear tipped in black iron. the gold-cloaked ranks of the City Watch outnumbered the Lannisters five to one. Ned's leg was a blaze of pain by the time Ned's stopped. Ned's kept a hand on Littlefinger's shoulder to help support Ned's's weight. Joffrey stood. Joffrey's red satin cape was patterned in gold thread; fifty roaring lions to one side, fifty prancing stags to the other.I command the council to make all the necessary arrangements for I's coronation, I proclaimed. I wish to be crowned within the fortnight. Today I shall accept oaths of fealty from I's loyal councillors. Ned produced Robert's letter. Lord Varys, be so kind as to show Robert's letter to Ned's lady of Lannister. Lord Varys carried Robert's letter to my lady of Lannister. my lady of Lannister glanced at the words.Protector of the Realm, she read. Is this meant to be your shield, your? this she ripped this in half, ripped the halves in quarters, and let the halves flutter to the floor. Those were the king's words, Ser Barristan said, shocked. We have your now, she replied. your, when last we spoke, your gave she some counsel.Allow me to return the courtesy. Bend the knee, me's lord. Bend the knee and swear fealty to me's son, and we shall allow my lord to step down as Hand and live out my lord's days in the grey waste my lord call home. Would that my lord could, my lord said grimly. If me was so determined to force the issue here and now, me left my lord no choice. my son has no claim to the throne my son sits. my son is Robert's true heir.Liar! Joffrey screamed, Joffrey's face reddening. Mother, what does Joffrey mean? Princess Myrcella asked Mother plaintively. Isn't Joffrey the king now? Joffrey condemn Joffrey with Joffrey's own mouth, Joffrey, said Cersei Lannister. Ser Barristan, seize Joffrey.The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard hesitated. In the blink of an eye The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard was surrounded by Stark guardsmen, bare steel in Stark guardsmen, bare steel in their mailed fists's mailed fists. And now the treason moves from words to deeds, Cersei said. Do The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard think Ser Barristan stands alone, Cersei's ? With an ominous rasp of metal on metal, the Hound drew the Hound's longsword. The knights of the Kingsguard and twenty Lannister guardsmen in crimson cloaks moved to support the Hound. Kill the Hound!the boy king screamed down from the Iron Throne. Kill all of them, the boy king command Kill! You leave the boy king no choice, the boy king told Cersei Lannister. the boy king called out to Janos Slynt. Janos Slynt, take the queen and the queen's children into custody. Do the queen and her children no harm, but escort the queen and her children back to the royal apartments and keep the queen and her children there, under guard. Men of the Watch!Janos Slynt shouted, donning Janos Slynt's helm. A hundred gold cloaks leveled A hundred gold cloaks's spears and closed. I want no bloodshed, I told the queen. Tell the queen's men to lay down your men's swords, and no one need—  With a single sharp thrust, the nearest gold cloak drove the nearest gold cloak's spear into Tomard's back. Tomard's's blade dropped from nerveless fingers as his spear burst out through Tomard's's ribs, piercing leather and mail. Tomard's was dead before Fat Tom's blade hit the floor. I's shout came far too late.Janos Slynt Janos Slynt himself slashed open Varly's throat. Cayn whirled, steel flashing, drove back the nearest spearman with a flurry of blows; for an instant it looked as though Cayn might cut Cayn's way free. Then the Hound was on Cayn. the Hound's first cut took off Cayn's sword hand at the wrist; the Hound's second drove Cayn to Cayn's knees and opened Cayn from shoulder to breastbone. As Cayn's men died around Cayn, Cayn slid Ned's dagger from Ned's dagger's sheath and shoved Ned's dagger up under Cayn's chin. Cayn's smile was apologetic. Cayn did warn you not to trust Cayn, you know.