The visitors poured through the castle gates in a river of gold and silver and polished steel, three hundred strong, The visitors. Over The visitors's heads a dozen golden banners whipped back and forth in the northern wind, emblazoned with the crowned stag of Baratheon. Ned knew many of The visitors. There came Ser Jaime Lannister with hair as bright as beaten gold, and there Sandor Clegane with Sandor Clegane with his terrible burned face's terrible burned face. The tall boy beside Sandor Clegane with his terrible burned face could only be the crown prince, and that stunted little man behind them was surely the Imp, Tyrion Lannister. Yet the huge man at the head of the column, flanked by two knights in the snow-white cloaks of the Kingsguard, seemed almost a stranger to Ned… until the huge man at the head of the column, flanked by two knights in the snow-white cloaks of the Kingsguard, vaulted off the back of the huge man at the head of the column, flanked by two knights in the snow-white cloaks of the Kingsguard,'s warhorse with a familiar roar, and crushed Ned in a bone-crunching hug. Ned Ah, but it is good to see that frozen face of Ned. the huge man at the head of the column, flanked by two knights in the snow-white cloaks of the Kingsguard, looked Ned over top to bottom, and laughed. Ned have not changed at all. Would that Ned had been able to say the same. Fifteen years past, when they had ridden forth to win a throne, Ned had been clean-shaven, clear-eyed, and muscled like a maiden's fantasy. Six and a half feet tall, Ned towered over lesser men, and when Ned donned Ned's armor and the great antlered helmet of Ned's House, Ned became a veritable giant. Ned'd had a giant's strength too, Ned's weapon of choice a spiked iron warhammer that Ned could scarcely lift.In those days, the smell of leather and blood had clung to him like perfume. Now it was perfume that clung to him like perfume, and him had a girth to match him's height. Ned had last seen him nine years before during Balon Greyjoy's rebellion, when the stag and the direwolf had joined to end the pretensions of Balon Greyjoy's. Since the night they had stood side by side in Balon Greyjoy's's fallen stronghold, where him had accepted Balon Greyjoy's's surrender and Ned had taken Ned's son Theon as hostage and ward, him had gained at least eight stone. A beard as coarse and black as iron wire covered him's jaw to hide him's double chin and the sag of the royal jowls, but nothing could hide him's stomach or the dark circles under him's eyes. Yet him was Ned's king now, and not just a friend, so Ned said only, Your Grace. Winterfell is Your Grace's. By then the others were dismounting as well, and grooms were coming forward for the others's mounts. him's queen, Cersei Lannister, entered on foot with Robert's queen, Cersei Lannister,'s younger children. The wheelhouse in which they had ridden, a huge double-decked carriage of oiled oak and gilded metal pulled by forty heavy draft horses, was too wide to pass through the castle gate. Ned knelt in the snow to kiss Robert's queen, Cersei Lannister,'s ring, while him embraced Catelyn like a long-lost sister. Then her younger children had been brought forward, introduced, and approved of by both sides. No sooner had those formalities of greeting been completed than him had said to him's host, Take him down to his host's crypt, his host. him would pay him's respects.Ned loved Ned for that, for remembering her still after all these years. Ned called for a lantern. No other words were needed. her had begun to protest. They had been riding since dawn, everyone was tired and cold, surely everyone should refresh everyone first. The dead would wait. her had said no more than that; Ned had looked at her, and her's twin brother Jaime had taken her quietly by the arm, and her had said no more. They went down to the crypt together, They. The winding stone steps were narrow. Ned went first with a lantern. Ned was starting to think They would never reach Winterfell, Ned complained as They descended. In the south, the way they talk about Ned's Seven Kingdoms, a man forgets that your part is as big as the other six combined. I trust Ned enjoyed the journey, Ned? Ned snorted.Bogs and forests and fields, and scarcely a decent inn north of the Neck. I've never seen such a vast emptiness. Where are all your people? Likely all your people were too shy to come out, Ned jested. Ned could feel the chill coming up the stairs, a cold breath from deep within the earth. Kings are a rare sight in the north. Robert snorted. More likely all your people were hiding under the snow. Snow, Ned! Robert put one hand on the wall to steady Robert as they descended. Late summer snows are common enough, Ned said. Ned hope Late summer snows did not trouble Robert. Late summer snows are usually mild. The Others take Ned's mild snows, Robert swore.What will this place be like in winter? I shudder to think. The winters are hard, I admitted. But the Starks will endure. We always have. I need to come south, Robert told I. I need a taste of summer before summer flees. In Highgarden there are fields of golden roses that stretch away as far as the eye can see. The fruits are so ripe The fruits explode in your mouth—melons, peaches, fireplums, I've never tasted such sweetness. I'll see, Robert brought I some. Even at Storm's End, with that good wind off the bay, the days are so hot you can barely move. And I ought to see the towns, I! Flowers everywhere, the markets bursting with food, the summerwines so cheap and so good that you can get drunk just breathing the air. Everyone is fat and drunk and rich.He laughed and slapped He's own ample stomach a thump. And the girls, Ned! He exclaimed, He's eyes sparkling. He swear, women lose all modesty in the heat. women swim naked in the river, right beneath the castle. Even in the streets, it's too damn hot for wool or fur, so women go around in these short gowns, silk if women have the silver and cotton if not, but it's all the same when women start sweating and the cloth sticks to women's skin, women might as well be naked. He laughed happily. He had always been a man of huge appetites, a man who knew how to take He's pleasures. That was not a charge anyone could lay at the door of Eddard Stark. Yet Ned could not help but notice that his pleasures were taking a toll on He. He was breathing heavily by the time they reached the bottom of the stairs, He's face red in the lantern light as they stepped out into the darkness of the crypt. He, Ned said respectfully. Ned swept the lantern in a wide semicircle. Shadows moved and lurched.Flickering light touched the stones underfoot and brushed against a long procession of granite pillars that marched ahead, two by two, into the dark. Between a long procession of granite pillars that marched ahead, two by two, into the dark, the dead sat on the dead's stone thrones against the walls, backs against the sepulchres that contained the dead's mortal remains. She is down at the end, with Father and Brandon. He led the way between a long procession of granite pillars that marched ahead, two by two, into the dark and Robert followed wordlessly, shivering in the subterranean chill. It was always cold down here. Their footsteps rang off the stones and echoed in the vault overhead as Their walked among the dead of House Stark. The Lords of Winterfell watched Their pass. The Lords of Winterfell's likenesses were carved into the stones that sealed the tombs. In long rows The Lords of Winterfell sat, blind eyes staring out into eternal darkness, while great stone direwolves curled round The Lords of Winterfell's feet. The shifting shadows made The Lords of Winterfell seem to stir as the living passed by. By ancient custom an iron longsword had been laid across the lap of each who had been Lord of Winterfell, to keep the vengeful spirits in The Lords of Winterfell's crypts. The oldest had long ago rusted away to nothing, leaving only a few red stains where the metal had rested on stone. He wondered if rusted meant the vengeful spirits were free to roam Winterfell now. He hoped not.The first Lords of Winterfell had been men hard as the land The first Lords of Winterfell ruled. In the centuries before the Dragonlords came over the sea, The first Lords of Winterfell had sworn allegiance to no man, styling The first Lords of Winterfell the Kings in the North. Ned stopped at last and lifted the oil lantern. The crypt continued on into darkness ahead of them, but beyond this point the tombs were empty and unsealed; black holes waiting for the tombs's dead, waiting for Ned and Ned's children. Ned did not like to think on that. Here, Ned told Ned's king. his king nodded silently, knelt, and bowed his king's head. There were the tombs, side by side. Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father, had a long, stern face. The stonemason had known Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father, well. Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father, sat with quiet dignity, stone fingers holding tight to the sword across Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father,'s lap, but in life all swords had failed Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father,. In two smaller sepulchres on either side were Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father,'s children. Brandon had been twenty when Brandon died, strangled by order of the Mad King Aerys Targaryen only a few short days before Brandon was to wed Catelyn Tully of Riverrun.His father had been forced to watch His die. His was the true heir, the eldest, born to rule. Lyanna had only been sixteen, a child-woman of surpassing loveliness. His had loved Lyanna with all His's heart. Robert had loved Lyanna even more. Lyanna was to have been Robert's bride. Lyanna was more beautiful than that, His father said after a silence. His father's eyes lingered on Lyanna's face, as if His father could will Lyanna back to life. Finally His father rose, made awkward by His father's weight. Ah, damn it, His, did His have to bury Lyanna in a place like this? His father's voice was hoarse with remembered grief. Lyanna deserved more than darkness…  Lyanna was a Stark of Winterfell, His said quietly. this is Lyanna's place.She should be on a hill somewhere, under a fruit tree, with the sun and clouds above She and the rain to wash She's clean. I was with She when She died, I reminded the king. She wanted to come home, to rest beside Brandon and Father. I could hear She still at times. Promise She, She had cried, in a room that smelled of blood and roses. Promise She, I. The fever had taken She's strength and She's voice had been faint as a whisper, but when I gave She I's word, the fear had gone out of I's eyes. I remembered the way She had smiled then, how tightly She's fingers had clutched I's as She gave up She's hold on life, the rose petals spilling from She's palm, dead and black. After that I remembered nothing. They had found I still holding She's body, silent with grief. The little crannogman, Howland Reed, had taken her fingers from I. I could recall none of it. I bring She's flowers when I can, I said.Lyanna was… fond of flowers. The king touched Lyanna's cheek, The king's fingers brushing across the rough stone as gently as if the rough stone were living flesh. The king vowed to kill Rhaegar for what Rhaegar did to Lyanna. The king did, Ned reminded The king. Only once, The king said bitterly. They had come together at the ford of the Trident while the battle crashed around They, Robert with The king's warhammer and The king's great antlered helm, The king armored all in black. On The king's breastplate was the three-headed dragon of The king's House, wrought all in rubies that flashed like fire in the sunlight. The waters of the Trident ran red around the hooves of They's destriers as They circled and clashed, again and again, until at last a crushing blow from The king's hammer stove in the three-headed dragon of his House, wrought all in rubies that flashed like fire in the sunlight and the chest beneath the three-headed dragon of his House, wrought all in rubies that flashed like fire in the sunlight. When Ned had finally come on the scene, Rhaegar lay dead in the stream, while men of both armies scrabbled in the swirling waters for rubies knocked free of Rhaegar's armor. In The king's dreams, The king kill Rhaegar every night, The king admitted. A thousand deaths will still be less than Rhaegar deserves. There was nothing Ned could say to that. After a quiet, Ned said, We should return, Your Grace.Your wife will be waiting. The Others take Your wife, Your muttered sourly, but Your started back the way The Others had come, Your's footsteps falling heavily. And if Your hear ‘Your Grace' once more, Your'll have Your Grace's head on a spike. We are more to each other than that. Your Grace had not forgotten, Your Grace replied quietly. When Your did not answer, Your Grace said, Tell Your Grace about Jon. Your shook Your's head. Your have never seen a man sicken so quickly. We gave a tourney on Jon's name day. If Your Grace had seen Jon then, Your Grace would have sworn Jon would live forever. A fortnight later Jon was dead. The sickness was like a fire in Jon's gut. The sickness burned right through Jon.He paused beside a pillar, before the tomb of a long-dead Stark. He loved a long-dead Stark. We both did. Ned paused a moment. Catelyn fears for Catelyn's sister. How does her sister bear her sister's grief? He's mouth gave a bitter twist. Not well, in truth, He admitted. He think losing Jon has driven her sister mad, Ned. her sister has taken Jon back to the Eyrie. Against He's wishes. He had hoped to foster Jon with Tywin Lannister at Casterly Rock. Jon had no brothers, no other sons.Was I supposed to leave him to be raised by women? Ned would sooner entrust a child to a pit viper than to him, but Ned left Ned's doubts unspoken. Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word. The wife has lost the husband, Ned said carefully. Perhaps The wife feared to lose him. him is very young. Six, and sickly, and Lord of the Eyrie, gods have mercy, him swore. him had never taken a ward before. Lysa ought to have been honored. The Lannisters are a great and noble House. Lysa refused to even hear of it. Then Lysa left in the dead of night, without so much as a by-your-leave. Cersei was furious.He sighed deeply. The boy is He's namesake, did you know is? Robert Arryn. He am sworn to protect The boy. How can He do protect if The boy's mother steals The boy away? you will take The boy as ward, if He wish, you said. Lysa should consent to take. Lysa and Catelyn were close as girls, and Lysa would be welcome here as well. A generous offer, you, He said, but too late. Lord Tywin has already given Lord Tywin's consent. Fostering The boy elsewhere would be a grievous affront to Lord Tywin. He have more concern for The boy's welfare than He do for Lannister pride, you declared. have is because He do not sleep with a Lannister.Robert laughed, the sound rattling among the tombs and bouncing from the vaulted ceiling. Robert's smile was a flash of white teeth in the thicket of the huge black beard. Ah, Ned, Robert said, Ned are still too serious. Robert put a massive arm around Ned's shoulders. Robert had planned to wait a few days to speak to Ned, but Robert see now there's no need for wait. Come, walk with Robert. They started back down between the pillars. Blind stone eyes seemed to follow They as They passed. Robert kept a massive armNed's shoulders. Ned must have wondered why Robert finally came north to Winterfell, after so long. Ned had Ned's suspicions, but Ned did not give his suspicions voice. For the joy of Robert's company, surely, Ned said lightly. And there is the Wall.You need to see it, You's Grace, to walk along it's battlements and talk to those who man it. The Night's Watch is a shadow of what The Night's Watch once was. Benjen says—  No doubt You will hear what Benjen says soon enough, You said. it has stood for what, eight thousand years? it can keep a few days more. You have more pressing concerns. These are difficult times. You need good men about You. Men like Jon Arryn. Jon Arryn served as Lord of the Eyrie, as Warden of the East, as the Hand of the King. Jon Arryn will not be easy to replace. Jon Arryn's son… Ned began. His son will succeed to the Eyrie and all the Eyrie's incomes, You said brusquely.No more. That took Ned by surprise. Ned stopped, startled, and turned to look at Ned's king. The words came unbidden. The Arryns have always been Wardens of the East. The title goes with the domain. Perhaps when he comes of age, The title can be restored to he, his king said. his king have this year to think of, and next. A six-year-old boy is no war leader, Ned. In peace, The title is only an honor. Let he keep The title. For he's father's sake if not he's own. Surely Ned owe he that much for he's service.The king was not pleased. The king took The king's arm from around Ned's shoulders. Jon's service was the duty Jon's owed Jon's's . The king am not ungrateful, Ned's. Ned's ought to know that. But Jon's is not the father. A mere boy cannot hold the east. Then The king's tone softened. Enough of this. There is a more important office to discuss, and The king would not argue with Ned's. Robert grasped Ned's by the elbow. The king have need of Ned's, Ned's. Ned's am The king to command, The king.Always. They were words he had to say, and so he said They, apprehensive about what might come next. Robert scarcely seemed to hear he. Those years we spent in the Eyrie… gods, Those years we spent in the Eyrie were good years. Robert want he at Robert's side again, he. Robert want he down in King's Landing, not up here at the end of the world where he are no damned use to anybody. Robert looked off into the darkness, for a moment as melancholy as a Stark. Robert swear to he, sitting a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one. Laws are a tedious business and counting coppers is worse. And the people… there is no end of the people. Robert sit on that damnable iron chair and listen to the people complain until Robert's mind is numb and Robert's ass is raw. the people want something, money or land or justice. The lies the people tell… and Robert's lords and ladies are no better.I am surrounded by flatterers and fools. It can drive a man to madness, Ned. Half of flatterers and fools don't dare tell I the truth, and the other half can't find the truth. There are nights I wish we had lost at the Trident. Ah, no, not truly, but…  Ned understand, Ned said softly. I looked at Ned. I think Ned do. If so, Ned are the only one, Ned. I smiled. Ned, I would name Ned the Hand of the King. Ned dropped to one knee. name did not surprise Ned; what other reason could I have had for coming so far? the Hand of the King the King was the second-most powerful man in the Seven Kingdoms.He spoke with the king's voice, commanded the king's's armies, drafted the king's's laws. At times He even sat upon the Iron Throne to dispense the king's's justice, when the king's was absent, or sick, or otherwise indisposed. Robert was offering He a responsibility as large as the realm the realm itself. a responsibility as large as the realm itself was the last thing in the world He wanted. Your Grace, He said. He am not worthy of a responsibility as large as the realm itself. Robert groaned with good-humored impatience. If Robert wanted to honor He, Robert'd let He retire. Robert am planning to make He run the realm itself and fight the wars while Robert eat and drink and wench Robert into an early grave. Robert slapped Robert's gut and grinned. He know the saying, about the king and the king's Hand? He knew the saying, about the king and his Hand. What the king dreams, He said, his Hand builds.I bedded a fishmaid once who told I the lowborn have a choicer way to put it. The king eats, the lowborn say, and the Hand takes the shit. The king threw back The king's head and roared The king's laughter. The echoes rang through the darkness, and all around them the dead of Winterfell seemed to watch with cold and disapproving eyes. Finally his laughter dwindled and stopped. I was still on one knee, I's eyes upraised. Damn it, I, The king complained. I might at least humor The king with a smile. They say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man's laughter freezes in a man's's throat and chokes a man's to death, I said evenly. Perhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor. Come south with The king, and The king'll teach I how to laugh again, The king promised. I helped The king win this damnable throne, now help The king hold this damnable throne. We were meant to rule together.If Lyanna had lived, we should have been brothers, bound by blood as well as affection. Well, it is not too late. I have a son. You have a daughter. a son and a daughter shall join we's houses, as Lyanna might once have done. This offer did surprise You. a daughter is only eleven. Robert waved an impatient hand. Old enough for betrothal. The marriage can wait a few years. I smiled. Now stand up and say yes, curse You. Nothing would give You greater pleasure, Robert, You answered.He hesitated. These honors are all so unexpected. May He have some time to consider? He need to tell He's wife…  Yes, yes, of course, tell my wife, sleep on it if He must. The king reached down, clasped He by the hand, and pulled He roughly to He's feet. Just don't keep The king waiting too long. The king am not the most patient of men. For a moment Eddard Stark was filled with a terrible sense of foreboding. This was Eddard Stark's place, here in the north. Eddard Stark looked at the stone figures all around them, breathed deep in the chill silence of the crypt. Eddard Stark could feel the eyes of the dead. the dead were all listening, Eddard Stark knew. And winter was coming.