 High, Syrio Forel called out, slashing at her head. The stick swords clacked as her parried. Left, Syrio Forel shouted, and Syrio Forel's blade came whistling. her darted to meet his blade. The clack made Syrio Forel click Syrio Forel's teeth together. Right, Syrio Forel said, and Low, and Left, and Left again, faster and faster, moving forward. her retreated before Syrio Forel, checking each blow. Lunge, Syrio Forel warned, and when Syrio Forel thrust her sidestepped, swept his blade away, and slashed at Syrio Forel's shoulder. her almost touched Syrio Forel, almost, so close it made her grin. A strand of hair dangled in her's eyes, limp with sweat. her pushed A strand of hair away with the back of her's hand. Left, Syrio Forel sang out. Low. Syrio Forel's sword was a blur, and the Small Hall echoed to the clack clack clack. Left. Left.High. Left. Right. Left. Low. Left! The wooden blade caught her high in the breast, a sudden stinging blow that hurt all the more because The wooden blade came from the wrong side. Ow, her cried out. her would have a fresh bruise there by the time her went to sleep, somewhere out at sea. A bruise is a lesson, her told her, and each lesson makes us better. Syrio stepped back. her are dead now. her made a face. Syrio cheated, her said hotly. Syrio said left and Syrio went right. Just so.And now you are a dead girl. But you lied! My words lied. My words and My's arm shouted out the truth, but you were not seeing. you was so, you said. you watched you every second! Watching is not seeing, you. The water dancer sees. Come, put down the sword, it is time for listening now. you followed My over to the wall, where My settled onto a bench. Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos, and are you knowing how was came to pass? you were the finest swordsman in Braavos. Just so, but why? Other men were stronger, faster, younger, why was Syrio Forel the best? My will tell you now. My touched the tip of My's little finger lightly to My's eyelid.The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of it. Hear me. The ships of Braavos sail as far as the winds blow, to lands strange and wonderful, and when The ships of Braavos return The ships of Braavos's captains fetch queer animals to the Sealord's menagerie. Such animals as you have never seen, striped horses, great spotted things with necks as long as stilts, hairy mouse-pigs as big as cows, stinging manticores, tigers that carry tigers that carry their cubs in a pouch's cubs in a pouch, terrible walking lizards with scythes for claws. Syrio Forel has seen queer animals. On the day me am speaking of, the first sword was newly dead, and the Sealord's sent for me. Many bravos had come to the Sealord's, and as many had been sent away, none could say why. When me came into the Sealord's's presence, the Sealord's was seated, and in the Sealord's's lap was a fat yellow cat. the Sealord's told me that one of the Sealord's's captains had brought a fat yellow cat to the Sealord's, from an island beyond the sunrise. ‘Have me ever seen a fat yellow cat like?' the Sealord's asked of me. And to the Sealord's me said, ‘Each night in the alleys of Braavos me see a thousand like the first sword,' and the Sealord's laughed, and the day I am speaking of me was named the first sword. Arya screwed up Arya's face. me don't understand. Syrio Forel clicked Syrio Forel's teeth together. a fat yellow cat was an ordinary cat, no more.The others expected a fabulous beast, so a fabulous beast is what The others saw. How large a fabulous beast was, The others said. a fabulous beast was no larger than any other cat, only fat from indolence, for the Sealord fed a fabulous beast from the Sealord's own table. What curious small ears, The others said. a fabulous beast's ears had been chewed away in kitten fights. And a fabulous beast was plainly a tomcat, yet the Sealord said ‘her,' and that is what The others saw. Are you hearing? you thought about it. you saw what was there. Just so. Opening you's eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but your eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with you's ears. Taste with you's mouth. Smell with you's nose.Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterward, and in that way knowing the truth. Just so, said Arya, grinning. Syrio Forel allowed Syrio Forel a smile. Syrio Forel am thinking that when we are reaching this Winterfell of Arya, it will be time to put this needle in Arya's hand. Yes! Arya said eagerly. Wait till Arya show Jon—  Behind Arya the great wooden doors of the Small Hall flew open with a resounding crash. Arya whirled. A knight of the Kingsguard stood beneath the arch of the great wooden doors of the Small Hall with five Lannister guardsmen arrayed behind A knight of the Kingsguard. A knight of the Kingsguard was in full armor, but A knight of the Kingsguard's visor was up. Arya remembered A knight of the Kingsguard's droopy eyes and rustcolored whiskers from when A knight of the Kingsguard had come to this Winterfell of yours with the king: A knight of the Kingsguard. The red cloaks wore mail shirts over boiled leather and steel caps with lion crests. Arya, A knight of the Kingsguard said, come with we, Arya. Arya chewed Arya's lip uncertainly. What do you want?Your father wants to see Your. Your took a step forward, but Syrio Forel held Your by the arm. And why is it that Your father is sending Lannister men in the place of Your father's own? Your am wondering. Mind Your's place, Your, Ser Meryn said. This is no concern of Your. Your father wouldn't send Ser Meryn, Your said. Your snatched up Your's stick sword. The Lannisters laughed. Put down her stick sword, Your, Ser Meryn told Your. Ser Meryn am a Sworn Brother of the Kingsguard, the White Swords. So was the Kingslayer when the Kingslayer killed the old king, Your said. Your don't have to go with Ser Meryn if Your don't want. Ser Meryn ran out of patience. Take Your, Ser Meryn said to Ser Meryn's men. Ser Meryn lowered the visor of Ser Meryn's helm.Three of them started forward, chainmail clinking softly with each step. Arya was suddenly afraid. Fear cuts deeper than swords, Arya told Arya, to slow the racing of Arya's heart. Syrio Forel stepped between them, tapping Syrio Forel's wooden sword lightly against Syrio Forel's boot. them will be stopping there. Are them men or dogs that them would threaten a child? Out of the way, Syrio Forel, one of the red cloaks said. Syrio Forel's stick came whistling up and rang against Syrio Forel's helm. Syrio Forel am Syrio Forel, and one of the red cloaks will now be speaking to Syrio Forel with more respect. Bald bastard. one of the red cloaks yanked free his wooden sword. Syrio's stick moved again, blindingly fast. Arya heard a loud crack as his wooden sword went clattering to the stone floor. one of the red cloaks's hand, one of the red cloaks yelped, cradling one of the red cloaks's broken fingers. Syrio Forel are quick, for a dancing master, said Ser Meryn. Syrio Forel are slow, for a knight, Syrio Forel replied.Kill the Braavosi and bring me the girl, me commanded. Four Lannister guardsmen unsheathed Four Lannister guardsmen's swords. The fifth, with the broken fingers, spat and pulled free a dagger with The fifth, with the broken fingers's left hand. Syrio Forel clicked Syrio Forel's teeth together, sliding into Syrio Forel's water dancer's stance, presenting only his side to the foe. the girl, Syrio Forel called out, never looking, never taking Syrio Forel's eyes off the Lannisters, we are done with dancing for the day. Best the girl are going now. Run to the girl's father. the girl did not want to leave your father, but Syrio Forel had taught the girl to do as Syrio Forel said. Swift as a deer, the girl whispered. Just so, said Syrio Forel as the Lannisters closed. the girl retreated, the girl's own sword stick clutched tightly in the girl's hand. Watching Syrio Forel now, the girl realized that Syrio Forel had only been toying with the girl when they dueled. the Lannisters came at Syrio Forel from three sides with steel in the Lannisters's hands. the Lannisters had chainmail over the Lannisters's chest and arms, and steel codpieces sewn into the Lannisters's pants, but only leather on the Lannisters's legs. the Lannisters's hands were bare, and the caps the Lannisters wore had noseguards, but no visor over the eyes. Syrio Forel did not wait for the Lannisters to reach Syrio Forel, but spun to Syrio Forel's left.Arya had never seen a man move as fast. He checked one sword with He's stick and whirled away from a second. Off balance, a second lurched into the first. He put a boot to a second's back and the red cloaks went down together. The third guard came leaping over the red cloaks, slashing at the water dancer's head. He ducked under The third guard's blade and thrust upward. The third guard fell screaming as blood welled from the wet red hole where The third guard's left eye had been. The fallen men were getting up. He kicked one in the face and snatched the steel cap off the other's head. The dagger man stabbed at He. He caught the thrust in the helmet and shattered The dagger man's kneecap with He's stick. The last red cloak shouted a curse and charged, hacking down with both hands on The last red cloak's sword. He rolled right, and the butcher's cut caught The last red cloak between neck and shoulder as The last red cloak struggled to The last red cloak's knees. The longsword crunched through mail and leather and flesh. The last red cloak shrieked. Before The last red cloak could wrench free his sword, He jabbed The last red cloak in the apple of The last red cloak's throat.The guardsman gave a choked cry and staggered back, clutching at The guardsman's neck, The guardsman's face blackening. Five men were down, dead, or dying by the time Arya reached the back door that opened on the kitchen. Arya heard Ser Meryn Trant curse. Bloody oafs, Ser Meryn Trant swore, drawing Ser Meryn Trant's longsword from his longsword's scabbard. Syrio Forel resumed Syrio Forel's stance and clicked Syrio Forel's teeth together. Arya, Syrio Forel called out, never looking at Arya, be gone now. Look with Arya's eyes, Syrio Forel had said. Arya saw: the knight in Syrio Forel's pale armor head to foot, legs, throat, and hands sheathed in metal, eyes hidden behind Syrio Forel's high white helm, and in Syrio Forel's hand cruel steel. Against that: Syrio ForelSyrio Forel's . Syrio Forel, run, Arya screamed. The first sword of Braavos does not run, Syrio Forel sang as Ser Meryn Trant slashed at Syrio Forel. Syrio Forel danced away from Syrio Forel's cut, Syrio Forel's stick a blur. In a heartbeat, Syrio Forel had bounced blows off Ser Meryn Trant's temple, elbow, and throat, the wood ringing against the metal of helm, gauntlet, and gorget. Arya stood frozen. Ser Meryn Trant advanced; Syrio Forel backed away. Syrio Forel checked the next blow, spun away from the second, deflected the third.The fourth sliced The fourth's stick in two, splintering the wood and shearing through the lead core. Sobbing, Arya spun and ran. Arya plunged through the kitchens and buttery, blind with panic, weaving between cooks and potboys. A baker's helper stepped in front of Arya, holding a wooden tray. Arya bowled A baker's helper over, scattering fragrant loaves of fresh-baked bread on the floor. Arya heard shouting behind Arya as Arya spun around a portly butcher who stood gaping at Arya with a cleaver in a portly butcher who stood gaping at her with a cleaver in his hands's hands. a portly butcher who stood gaping at her with a cleaver in his hands's arms were red to the elbow. All that Syrio Forel had taught Arya went racing through Arya's head. Swift as a deer. Quiet as a shadow. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Quick as a snake. Calm as still water. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Strong as a bear. Fierce as a wolverine.Fear cuts deeper than swords. The man who fears losing has already lost. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. The grip of her wooden sword was slick with sweat, and her was breathing hard when her reached the turret stair. For an instant her froze. Up or down? Up would take her to the covered bridge that spanned the small court to the Tower of the Hand, but the covered bridge that spanned the small court to the Tower of the Hand would be the way they'd expect her to go, for certain. Never do what they expect, Syrio once said. her went down, around and around, leaping over the turret stair two and three at a time. her emerged in a cavernous vaulted cellar, surrounded by casks of ale stacked twenty feet tall. The only light came through narrow slanting windows high in the wall. a cavernous vaulted cellar, surrounded by casks of ale stacked twenty feet tall was a dead end. There was no way out but the way her had come in. her dare not go back up the turret stair, but her couldn't stay here, either.She had to find She's father and tell her father what had happened. her father would protect She. She thrust She's wooden sword through She's belt and began to climb, leaping from cask to cask until She could reach the window. Grasping the stone with both hands, She pulled She up. The wall was three feet thick, the window a tunnel slanting up and out. She wriggled toward daylight. When She's head reached ground level, She peered across the bailey to the Tower of the Hand. The stout wooden door hung splintered and broken, as if by axes. A dead man sprawled facedown on the steps, A dead man's cloak tangled beneath A dead man, the back of A dead man's mailed shirt soaked red. his cloak was grey wool trimmed with white satin, She saw with sudden terror. She could not tell who A dead man was. No, She whispered. What was happening? Where was her father? Why had the red cloaks come for She? She remembered what the man with the yellow beard had said, the day She had found the monsters.If one Hand can die, why not a second? Arya felt tears in Arya's eyes. Arya held Arya's breath to listen. Arya heard the sounds of fighting, shouts, screams, the clang of steel on steel, coming through the windows of the Tower of the Hand. Arya could not go back. Arya's father…  Arya closed her eyes. For a moment Arya was too frightened to move. They had killed Jory and Wyl and Heward, and that guardsman on the step, whoever that guardsman on the step, whoever he had been had been. They could kill Her father too, and Arya if They caught Arya. Fear cuts deeper than swords, Arya said aloud, but it was no good pretending to be a water dancer, Syrio had been a water dancer and the white knight had probably killed Syrio, and anyhow Arya was only a little girl with a wooden stick, alone and afraid. Arya squirmed out into the yard, glancing around warily as Arya climbed to Arya's feet. The castle seemed deserted. The castle was never deserted. All the people must be hiding inside, All the people's doors barred. Arya glanced up longingly at Arya's bedchamber, then moved away from the Tower of the Hand, keeping close to the wall as Arya slid from shadow to shadow. Arya pretended Arya was chasing cats… except Arya was the cat now, and if They caught Arya, They would kill Arya.Moving between buildings and over walls, keeping stone to her back wherever possible so no one could surprise her, her reached the stables almost without incident. A dozen gold cloaks in mail and plate ran past as her was edging across the inner bailey, but without knowing whose side A dozen gold cloaks in mail and plate were on, her hunched down low in the shadows and let A dozen gold cloaks in mail and plate pass. Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as her could remember, was slumped on the ground by the stable door. Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember had been stabbed so many times it looked as if Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember's tunic was patterned with scarlet flowers. her was certain Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember was dead, but when her crept closer, Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember's eyes opened. Arya Underfoot, Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember whispered. her must… warn her's… her's lord father… Frothy red spittle bubbled from Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember's mouth. Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember closed his eyes again and said no more. Inside were more bodies; a groom her had played with, and three of your lord father's household guard. A wagon, laden with crates and chests, stood abandoned near the door of the stables. more bodies must have been loading A wagon, laden with crates and chests for the trip to the docks when more bodies were attacked. her snuck closer. One of more bodies was Desmond, who'd shown her Desmond, who'd shown her his longsword and promised to protect her father's longsword and promised to protect your lord father. Desmond, who'd shown her his longsword and promised to protect her father lay on Desmond, who'd shown her his longsword and promised to protect her father's back, staring blindly at the ceiling as flies crawled across Desmond, who'd shown her his longsword and promised to protect her father's eyes. Close to Desmond, who'd shown her his longsword and promised to protect her father was a dead man in the red cloak and lion-crest helm of the Lannisters. Only one, though.Every northerner is worth ten of these southron swords, Desmond had told her. You liar! her said, kicking Desmond's body in a sudden fury. The animals were restless in The animals's stalls, whickering and snorting at the scent of blood. her's only plan was to saddle a horse and flee, away from the castle and the city. All her had to do was stay on the kingsroad and the kingsroad would take her back to Winterfell. her took a bridle and harness off the wall. As her crossed in back of the wagon, a fallen chest caught her's eye. a fallen chest must have been knocked down in the fight or dropped as a fallen chest was being loaded. The wood had split, the lid opening to spill a fallen chest's contents across the ground. her recognized silks and satins and velvets her never wore. her might need warm clothes on the kingsroad, though… and besides…  her knelt in the dirt among the chest's contents. her found a heavy woolen cloak, a velvet skirt and a silk tunic and some smallclothes, a dress her's mother had embroidered for her, a silver baby bracelet her might sell. Shoving the lid out of the way, her groped inside a fallen chest for Needle. her had hidden Needle way down at the bottom, under everything, but her's stuff had all been jumbled around when a fallen chest was dropped. For a moment her was afraid someone had found the sword and stolen the sword.Then her fingers felt the hardness of metal under a satin gown. There she is, a voice hissed close behind her. Startled, her whirled. A stableboy stood behind her, a smirk on A stableboy's face, A stableboy's filthy white undertunic peeking out from beneath a soiled jerkin. A stableboy's boots were covered with manure, and A stableboy had a pitchfork in one hand. Who are A stableboy? her asked. her don't know A stableboy, A stableboy said, but A stableboy knows her, oh, yes. her Help her saddle a horse, her pleaded, reaching back into the chest, groping for Needle. her's father's the Hand of the King, the King'll reward A stableboy. the King's dead, A stableboy said. A stableboy shuffled toward her. It's her who'll be rewarding A stableboy. Come here, her. Stay away!Her fingers closed around Needle's hilt. I says, come. He grabbed Her's arm, hard. Everything Syrio Forel had ever taught Her vanished in a heartbeat. In that instant of sudden terror, the only lesson Her could remember was the one Jon Snow had given Her, the very first. Her stuck He with the pointy end, driving Needle's upward with a wild, hysterical strength. Needle's went through He's leather jerkin and the white flesh of He's belly and came out between He's shoulder blades. He dropped the pitchfork and made a soft noise, something between a gasp and a sigh. He's hands closed around Needle's. Oh, gods, He moaned, as He's undertunic began to redden. Take Needle's out. When Her took Needle's out, He died. The horses were screaming. Her stood over the body, still and frightened in the face of death. Blood had gushed from He's mouth as He collapsed, and more was seeping from the slit in his belly, pooling beneath the body. His hands were cut where He'd grabbed at Needle's.She backed away slowly, Needle red in She's hand. She had to get away, someplace far from here, someplace safe away from the stableboy's accusing eyes. She snatched up the bridle and harness again and ran to She's mare, but as She lifted the saddle to her mare's back, She realized with a sudden sick dread that the castle gates would be closed. Even the postern doors would likely be guarded. Maybe the guards wouldn't recognize She. If the guards thought She was a boy, perhaps the guards'd let She… no, the guards'd have orders not to let anyone out, it wouldn't matter whether the guards knew She or not. But there was another way out of the castle…  the saddle slipped from She's fingers and fell to the dirt with a thump and a puff of dust. Could She find the room with the monsters again? She wasn't certain, yet She knew She had to try. She found the clothing She'd gathered and slipped into the cloak, concealing Needle beneath the cloak's folds. The rest of She's things She tied in a roll. With the bundle under She's arm, She crept to the far end of the stable. Unlatching the back door, She peeked out anxiously. She could hear the distant sound of swordplay, and the shivery wail of a man screaming in pain across the bailey. She would need to go down the serpentine steps, past the small kitchen and the pig yard, that was how She'd gone last time, chasing the black tomcat… only go would take She right past the barracks of the gold cloaks. She couldn't go that way.Arya tried to think of another way. If Arya crossed to the other side of the castle, Arya could creep along the river wall and through the little godswood… but first Arya'd have to cross the yard, in the plain view of the guards on the castle. Arya had never seen so many men on the castle. Gold cloaks, most of the guards on the walls, armed with spears. Some of the guards on the walls knew Arya by sight. What would the guards on the walls do if the guards on the walls saw Arya running across the yard? Arya'd look so small from up there, would the guards on the walls be able to tell who Arya was? Would the guards on the walls care? Arya had to leave now, Arya told Arya, but when the moment came, Arya was too frightened to move. Calm as still water, a small voice whispered in Arya's ear. Arya was so startled Arya almost dropped Arya's bundle. Arya looked around wildly, but there was no one in the stable but Arya, and the horses, and the dead men. Quiet as a shadow, Arya heard. Was it Arya's own voice, or Syrio's? Arya could not tell, yet somehow it calmed Arya's fears.She stepped out of the stable. stepped was the scariest thing She'd ever done. She wanted to run and hide, but She made She walk across the yard, slowly, putting one foot in front of the other as if She had all the time in the world and no reason to be afraid of anyone. She thought She could feel their eyes, like bugs crawling on She's skin under She's clothes. She never looked up. If She saw their watching, all She's courage would desert She, She knew, and She would drop the bundle of clothes and run and cry like a baby, and then their would have She. She kept She's gaze on the ground. By the time She reached the shadow of the royal sept on the far side of the yard, She was cold with sweat, but no one had raised the hue and cry. the royal sept was open and empty. Inside, half a hundred prayer candles burned in a fragrant silence. She figured the gods would never miss two. She stuffed half a hundred prayer candles up She's sleeves, and left by a back window. Sneaking back to the alley where She had cornered the one-eared tom was easy, but after that She got lost. She crawled in and out of windows, hopped over walls, and felt She's way through dark cellars, quiet as a shadow. Once She heard a woman weeping.It took her more than an hour to find the low narrow window that slanted down to the dungeon where the monsters waited. her tossed her's bundle through and doubled back to light her's candle. light was chancy; the fire her'd remembered seeing had burnt down to embers, and her heard voices as her was blowing on the coals. Cupping her's fingers around her candle, her went out the low narrow window that slanted down to the dungeon where the monsters waited as they were coming in the door, without ever getting a glimpse of who it was. This time the monsters did not frighten her. the monsters seemed almost old friends. her held her candle over her's head. With each step her took, the shadows moved against the walls, as if the shadows were turning to watch her's pass. the monsters, her whispered. her slid Needle out from under her's cloak. Needle seemed very small and the monsters very big, yet somehow her felt better with steel in her's hand. The long windowless hall beyond the door was as black as her remembered. her held Needle in her's left hand, her hand, her candle in her's right fist. Hot wax ran down across her's knuckles. The entrance to the well had been to the left, so her went right.Part of her wanted to run, but her was afraid of snuffing out her's candle. her heard the faint squeaking of rats and glimpsed a pair of tiny glowing eyes on the edge of the light, but rats did not scare her. Other things did. It would be so easy to hide here, as her had hidden from the wizard and the man with the forked beard. her could almost see the stableboy standing against the wall, the stableboy's hands curled into claws with the blood still dripping from the deep gashes in the stableboy's palms where Needle had cut the stableboy. the stableboy might be waiting to grab her as her passed. the stableboy would see her candle coming a long way off. Maybe her would be better off without the light…  Fear cuts deeper than swords, the quiet voice inside her's whispered. Suddenly her remembered the crypts at Winterfell. the crypts at Winterfell were a lot scarier than Winterfell, her told her. her'd been just a little girl the first time her saw the crypts at Winterfell. her's brother Robb had taken them down, them and baby Bran, who'd been no bigger than Rickon was now. them'd only had one candle between them, and baby Bran, who'd been no bigger than Rickon was now's eyes had gotten as big as saucers as baby Bran, who'd been no bigger than Rickon was now stared at the stone faces of the Kings of Winter, with the Kings of Winter's wolves at the Kings of Winter's feet and the Kings of Winter's iron swords across the Kings of Winter's laps. Her brother Robb took them all the way down to the end, past Grandfather and Brandon and Lyanna, to show them them's own tombs. Sansa kept looking at her candle, anxious that her candle might go out.Old Nan had told her there were spiders down here, and rats as big as dogs. Robb smiled when her said that. There are worse things than spiders and rats, Robb whispered. This is where the dead walk. That was when they heard the sound, low and deep and shivery. Baby Bran had clutched at her's hand. When the spirit stepped out of the open tomb, pale white and moaning for blood, Sansa ran shrieking for the stairs, and Baby Bran wrapped Baby Bran around Robb's leg, sobbing. her stood her's ground and gave the spirit a punch. the spirit was only Jon, covered with flour. You stupid, her told only Jon, covered with flour, only Jon, covered with flour scared Baby Bran, but only Jon, covered with flour and Robb just laughed and laughed, and pretty soon Baby Bran and her were laughing too. The memory made her smile, and after that the darkness held no more terrors for her. The stableboy was dead, her'd killed The stableboy, and if The stableboy jumped out at her her'd kill The stableboy again. her was going home. Everything would be better once her was home again, safe behind Winterfell's grey granite walls. her's footsteps sent soft echoes hurrying ahead of her as her plunged deeper into the darkness.