 They came for Sansa on the third day. Sansa chose a simple dress of dark grey wool, plainly cut but richly embroidered around the collar and sleeves. Sansa's fingers felt thick and clumsy as Sansa struggled with the silver fastenings without the benefit of servants. Jeyne Poole had been confined with Sansa, but Jeyne Poole was useless. Jeyne Poole's face was puffy from all Jeyne Poole's crying, and Jeyne Poole could not seem to stop sobbing about Jeyne Poole's father. Sansa'm certain her father is well, Sansa told Jeyne Poole when Sansa had finally gotten the dress buttoned right. Sansa'll ask the queen to let Jeyne Poole see her father. Sansa thought that kindness might lift Jeyne Poole's spirits, but Jeyne Poole just looked at Sansa with red, swollen eyes and began to cry all the harder. Jeyne Poole was such a child. Sansa had wept too, the first day. Even within the stout walls of Maegor's Holdfast, with Sansa's door closed and barred, it was hard not to be terrified when the killing began. Sansa had grown up to the sound of steel in the yard, and scarcely a day of Sansa's life had passed without hearing the clash of sword on sword, yet somehow knowing that the fighting was real made all the difference in the world.She heard it as She had never heard it before, and there were other sounds as well, grunts of pain, angry curses, shouts for help, and the moans of wounded and dying men. In the songs, the knights never screamed nor begged for mercy. So She wept, pleading through She's door for the knights to tell She what was happening, calling for She's father, for Septa Mordane, for the king, for She's gallant prince. If the knights heard She's pleas, the knights gave no answer. The only time her door opened was late that night, when the knights thrust Jeyne Poole inside, bruised and shaking. the knights're killing everyone, the steward's daughter had shrieked at the steward's daughter. the steward's daughter went on and on. The Hound had broken down her door with a warhammer, the steward's daughter said. There were bodies on the stair of the Tower of the Hand, and the stair of the Tower of the Hand were slick with blood. the steward's daughter dried the steward's daughter's own tears as the steward's daughter struggled to comfort Jeyne Poole. They went to sleep in the same bed, cradled in each other's arms like sisters. The second day was even worse.The room where Sansa had been confined was at the top of the highest tower of Maegor's Holdfast. From The room where Sansa had been confined's window, Sansa could see that the heavy iron portcullis in the gatehouse was down, and the drawbridge drawn up over the deep dry moat that separated The room where Sansa had been confined from the larger castle that surrounded The room where Sansa had been confined. Lannister guardsmen prowled the walls with spears and crossbows to hand. The fighting was over, and the silence of the grave had settled over The room where Sansa had been confined. The only sounds were Jeyne Poole's endless whimpers and sobs. They were fed—hard cheese and fresh-baked bread and milk to break They's fast, roast chicken and greens at midday, and a late supper of beef and barley stew—but the servants who brought the meals would not answer Sansa's questions. That evening, some women brought Sansa's clothes from the Tower of the Hand, and some of Jeyne Poole's's things as well, but some women seemed nearly as frightened as Jeyne Poole's, and when Sansa tried to talk to some women, some women fled from Sansa as if Sansa had the grey plague. The guards outside the door still refused to let some women leave The room where Sansa had been confined. Please, Sansa need to speak to the queen again, Sansa told The guards outside the door, as Sansa told everyone Sansa saw that day. the queen'll want to talk to Sansa, Sansa know the queen will. Tell the queen Sansa want to see the queen, please. If not the queen, then Prince Joffrey, if The guards outside the door'd be so kind.We're to marry when We're older. At sunset on the second day, a great bell began to ring. a great bell's voice was deep and sonorous, and the long slow clanging filled Sansa with a sense of dread. the long slow clanging went on and on, and after a while they heard other bells answering from the Great Sept of Baelor on Visenya's Hill. The sound rumbled across the city like thunder, warning of the storm to come. What is it? Jeyne asked, covering Jeyne's ears. Why are they ringing the bells? The king is dead. Sansa could not say how Sansa knew is, yet Sansa did. the long slow clanging filled they's room, as mournful as a dirge. Had some enemy stormed the castle and murdered The king?Was that the meaning of the fighting they had heard? She went to sleep wondering, restless, and fearful. Was She beautiful Joffrey the king now? Or had they killed her beautiful Joffrey too? She was afraid for her beautiful Joffrey, and for She's father. If only they would tell She what was happening…  That night She dreamt of her beautiful Joffrey on the throne, with She seated beside her beautiful Joffrey in a gown of woven gold. She had a crown on She's head, and everyone She had ever known came before She, to bend the knee and say everyone she had ever known's courtesies. The next morning, the morning of the third day, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard came to escort She to the queen. Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard was an ugly man with a broad chest and short, bandy legs. Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard's nose was flat, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard's cheeks baggy with jowls, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard's hair grey and brittle. Today Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard wore white velvet, and Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard's snowy cloak was fastened with a lion brooch. The beast had the soft sheen of gold, and The beast's eyes were tiny rubies.You look very handsome and splendid this morning, You, Sansa told You. A lady remembered A lady's courtesies, and A lady was resolved to be a lady no matter what. And Sansa, Sansa, You said in a flat voice. Her Grace awaits. Come with You. There were guards outside Sansa's door, Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms. Sansa made Sansa smile at guards outside her door, Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms pleasantly and bid guards outside her door, Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms a good morning as Sansa passed. It was the first time Sansa had been allowed outside the chamber since Ser Arys Oakheart had led Sansa there two mornings past. To keep Sansa safe, Her's , Her had told Sansa. Joffrey would never forgive Her if anything happened to Joffrey's . Sansa had expected that You would escort Sansa to the royal apartments, but instead You led Sansa out of Maegor's Holdfast. The bridge was down again.Some workmen were lowering a man on ropes into the depths of the dry moat. When Sansa peered down, Sansa saw a body impaled on the huge iron spikes below. Sansa averted Sansa's eyes quickly, afraid to ask, afraid to look too long, afraid a man might be someone Sansa knew. They found Queen Cersei in the council chambers, seated at the head of a long table littered with papers, candles, and blocks of sealing wax. the council chambers was as splendid as any that Sansa had ever seen. Sansa stared in awe at the carved wooden screen and the twin sphinxes that sat beside the door. Your Grace, Ser Boros said when They were ushered inside by another of the Kingsguard, Ser Mandon of the curiously dead face, Ser Boros've brought Sansa. Sansa had hoped Joffrey might be with Sansa. Joffrey was not there, but three of the king's councillors were. Lord Petyr Baelish sat on Queen Cersei's left hand, Grand Maester Pycelle at the end of a long table littered with papers, candles, and blocks of sealing wax, while Lord Varys hovered over them, smelling flowery. them were clad in black, Sansa realized with a feeling of dread. Mourning clothes…  Queen Cersei wore a high-collared black silk gown, with a hundred dark red rubies sewn into Queen Cersei's bodice, covering Queen Cersei from neck to bosom.They were cut in the shape of teardrops, as if the queen were weeping blood. the queen smiled to see her, and her thought smiled was the sweetest and saddest smile her had ever seen. her, the queen's sweet child, the queen said, the queen know her've been asking for the queen. the queen'm sorry that the queen could not send for her sooner. Matters have been very unsettled, and the queen have not had a moment. the queen trust the queen's people have been taking good care of her? Everyone has been very sweet and pleasant, the queen, thank the queen ever so much for asking, her said politely. Only, well, no one will talk to us or tell us what's happened…  us? the queen seemed puzzled. We put the steward's girl in with the queen, Ser Boros said. We did not know what else to do with the steward's girl. the queen frowned.Next time, you will ask, she said, she's voice sharp. The gods only know what sort of tales she's been filling you's head with. Jeyne's scared, you said. Jeyne won't stop crying. you promised Jeyne you'd ask if Jeyne could see Jeyne's father. Old Grand Maester Pycelle lowered Old Grand Maester Pycelle's eyes. her father is well, isn't her father? you said anxiously. you knew there had been fighting, but surely no one would harm a steward. Vayon Poole did not even wear a sword. she looked at each of the councillors in turn. she won't have you fretting needlessly.What shall we do with this little friend of this little friend of hers, my lords? Lord Petyr leaned forward. Lord Petyr'll find a place for this little friend of hers. Not in the city, said the queen. Do my take my for a fool? the queen ignored that. Ser Boros, escort this little friend of hers to Lord Petyr's apartments and instruct Lord Petyr's people to keep this little friend of hers there until Lord Petyr comes for this little friend of hers. Tell this little friend of hers that Littlefinger will be taking this little friend of hers to see this little friend of hers's father, taking ought to calm this little friend of hers down. the queen want this little friend of hers gone before this little friend of hers returns to this little friend of hers's chamber. As you command, the queen, Ser Boros said. Ser Boros bowed deeply, spun on Ser Boros's heel, and took Ser Boros's leave, Ser Boros's long white cloak stirring the air behind Ser Boros. this little friend of hers was confused.I don't understand, I said. Where is Jeyne's father? Why can't Ser Boros take Jeyne's to Jeyne's father instead of Lord Petyr having to do take? I had promised I I would be a lady, gentle as the queen and as strong as I's mother, the Lady Catelyn, but all of a sudden I was scared again. For a second I thought I might cry. Where are the queen sending Jeyne's? Jeyne's hasn't done anything wrong, Jeyne's's a good girl. Jeyne's's upset I, the queen said gently. We can't be having upset. Not another word, now. Ser Boros will see that Jeyne's's well taken care of, the queen promise I. the queen patted the chair beside the queen.Sit down, Sansa. I want to talk to Sansa. Sansa seated Sansa beside I. I smiled again, but smiled did not make Sansa feel any less anxious. Varys was wringing Varys's soft hands together, Grand Maester Pycelle kept Grand Maester Pycelle's sleepy eyes on the papers in front of Grand Maester Pycelle, but Sansa could feel Littlefinger staring. Something about the way Littlefinger looked at Sansa made Sansa feel as though Sansa had no clothes on. Goose bumps pimpled Sansa's skin. Sansa, I said, laying a soft hand on Sansa's wrist. Such a beautiful child. I do hope Sansa know how much Joffrey and I love Sansa. I do? Sansa said, breathless.Littlefinger was forgotten. Her prince loved Her. Nothing else mattered. The queen smiled. The queen think of Her almost as The queen's own daughter. And The queen know the love Her bear for Joffrey. The queen gave a weary shake of The queen's head. The queen am afraid we have some grave news about Her's lord father. Her must be brave, Her. The queen's quiet words gave Her a chill. What is some grave news about your lord father? your lord father is a traitor, dear, Lord Varys said.Grand Maester Pycelle lifted Grand Maester Pycelle's ancient head. With Grand Maester Pycelle's own ears, Grand Maester Pycelle heard Lord Eddard swear to our beloved King Robert that Lord Eddard would protect the young princes as if the young princes were Lord Eddard's own sons. And yet the moment our beloved King Robert was dead, Lord Eddard called the small council together to steal Prince Joffrey's rightful throne. No, Sansa blurted. Lord Eddard wouldn't do called. Lord Eddard wouldn't! The queen picked up a letter. The paper was torn and stiff with dried blood, but the broken seal was The queen's father's, the direwolf stamped in pale wax. We found a letter on the captain of Sansa's household guard, Sansa. a letter is a letter to The queen's late husband's brother Stannis, inviting my late husband's brother Stannis to take the crown. Please, Sansa, there's been a mistake.Sudden panic made her dizzy and faint. Please, send for her's father, my father'll tell you, my father would never write such a letter, the king was my father's friend. Robert thought so, said you. This betrayal would have broken my father's heart. The gods are kind, that my father did not live to see This betrayal. you sighed. her, her, her must see what a dreadful position this has left us in. her are innocent of any wrong, we all know are, and yet her are the daughter of a traitor. How can you allow her to marry you's son? But her love my son, her wailed, confused and frightened. What did they mean to do to her?What had they done to her father? It was not supposed to happen this way. her had to wed Joffrey, they were betrothed, Joffrey was promised to her, her had even dreamed about it. It wasn't fair to take Joffrey away from her on account of whatever her father might have done. How well I know that, her, I said, I's voice so kind and sweet. Why else should her have come to I and told I of her father's plan to send her away from us, if not for love? It was for love, her said in a rush. her father wouldn't even give her leave to say farewell. her was the good girl, the obedient girl, but her had felt as wicked as Arya that morning, sneaking away from Septa Mordane, defying her father. her had never done anything so willful before, and her would never have done anything so willful then if her hadn't loved Joffrey as much as her did. her father was going to take her back to Winterfell and marry her to some hedge knight, even though it was Joffrey her wanted.I told him, but him wouldn't listen. him had been I last hope. him could command Father to let I stay in Father's Landing and marry Prince Joffrey, I knew him could, but him had always frightened I. him was loud and rough-voiced and drunk as often as not, and him would probably have just sent I back to Lord Eddard, if they even let I see Lord Eddard. So I went to the queen instead, and poured out I's heart, and the queen had listened and thanked I sweetly… only then Ser Arys had escorted I to the high room in Maegor's Holdfast and posted guards, and a few hours later, the fighting had begun outside. Please, I finished, the queen have to let I marry Prince Joffrey, I'll be ever so good a wife to Prince Joffrey, the queen'll see. I'll be a queen just like the queen, I promise. the queen looked to the others. the others, what do the others say to I's plea? I, murmured Varys. A love so true and innocent, I, it would be cruel to deny A love so true and innocent… and yet, what can we do?Her father stands condemned. Her father's soft hands washed each other in a gesture of helpless distress. A child born of traitor's seed will find that betrayal comes naturally to A child born of traitor's seed, said Grand Maester Pycelle. Her is a sweet thing now, but in ten years, who can say what treasons Her may hatch? No, Her said, horrified. Her'm not, Her'd never… Her wouldn't betray Joffrey, Her love Joffrey, Her swear it, Her do. Oh, so poignant, said Varys. And yet, it is truly said that blood runs truer than oaths. Her reminds me of the mother, not Her father, me said quietly. Look at Her. The hair, the eyes.She is the very image of Cat at the same age. The queen looked at She, troubled, and yet She could see kindness in The queen's clear green eyes. She, The queen said, if The queen could truly believe that She were not like She's father, why nothing should please The queen more than to see She wed to The queen's Joffrey. The queen know my Joffrey loves She with all my Joffrey's heart. The queen sighed. And yet, The queen fear that Lord Varys and the Grand Maester have the right of it. The blood will tell. The queen have only to remember how She's sister set your sister's wolf on my Joffrey. She'm not like your sister, She blurted. your sister has The blood, not She. The queen'm good, ask Septa Mordane, your sister'll tell The queen, your sister only want to be my Joffrey's loyal and loving wife.She felt the weight of Cersei's eyes as the queen studied She's face. the queen believe She mean it, She. the queen turned to face the others. the others, it seems to the queen that if the rest of She's kin were to remain loyal in this terrible time, remain would go a long way toward laying our fears to rest. Grand Maester Pycelle stroked Grand Maester Pycelle's huge soft beard, Grand Maester Pycelle's wide brow furrowed in thought. Lord Eddard has three sons. three sons, Lord Petyr said with a shrug. Lord Petyr should be more concerned with Lady Catelyn and the Tullys. the queen took Sansa's hand in both of the queen. She, do She know She's letters? She nodded nervously.She could read and write better than any of She's brothers, although She was hopeless at sums. I am pleased to hear that. Perhaps there is hope for you and Joffrey still…  What do you want I to do? you must write you's lady mother, and you's brother, the eldest… what is your brother, the eldest's name? your brother, the eldest, you said. The word of you's lord father's treason will no doubt reach your lady mother, and your brother, the eldest soon. Better that The word of your lord father's treason should come from you. you must tell your lady mother, and your brother, the eldest how your lord father's betrayed your lord father's. you wanted Joffrey desperately, but you did not think you had the courage to do as I was asking. But Joffrey never… you don't… I, you wouldn't know what to say…  I patted you's hand. We will tell you what to write, you.The important thing is that you urge Lady Catelyn and you's brother to keep the king's peace. It will go hard for Lady Catelyn and your brother if Lady Catelyn and your brother don't, said Grand Maester Pycelle. By the love you bear Lady Catelyn and your brother, you must urge Lady Catelyn and your brother to walk the path of wisdom. you's lady mother will no doubt fear for you dreadfully, Your lady mother said. you must tell Your lady mother that you are well and in our care, that our are treating you gently and seeing to you's every want. Bid Lady Catelyn and your brother to come to the king's's Landing and pledge Lady Catelyn and your brother's fealty to the king's when the king's takes the king's's throne. If Lady Catelyn and your brother do pledge… why, then our shall know that there is no taint in you's blood, and when you come into the flower of you's womanhood, you shall ourd the king's in the Great Sept of Baelor, before the eyes of gods and men. …ourd the king's… The words made you's breath come faster, yet still you hesitated. Perhaps… if you might see you's father, talk to my father about…  Treason? Lord Varys hinted. you disappoint Your lady mother, you, Your lady mother said, with eyes gone hard as stones.We've told you of you's father's crimes. If you are truly as loyal as you say, why should you want to see your father's? I… I only meant… you felt you's eyes grow wet. your father's's not… please, your father's hasn't been… hurt, or… or…  your father's has not been harmed, I said. But… what's to become of your father's? That is a matter for the king to decide, Grand Maester Pycelle announced ponderously. the king you blinked back her eyes. Joffrey was the king now, you thought. Joffrey would never hurt your father's, no matter what Joffrey might have done. If you went to your father's and pleaded for mercy, you was certain your father's'd listen.He had to listen, He loved her, even the queen said so. He would need to punish Father, the lords would expect punish, but perhaps He could send Father back to Winterfell, or exile Father to one of the Free Cities across the narrow sea. It would only have to be for a few years. By then her and He would be married. Once her was queen, her could persuade He to bring Father back and grant Father a pardon. Only… if she and Joffrey did anything treasonous, called the banners or refused to swear fealty or anything, it would all go wrong. her's was good and kind, her knew it in her's heart, but a king had to be stern with rebels. her had to make rebels understand, her had to! her'll… her'll write the letters, her told them. With a smile as warm as the sunrise, her leaned close and kissed her gently on the cheek. her knew her would.Joffrey will be so proud when I tell Joffrey what courage and good sense you've shown here today. In the end, I wrote four letters. To I's mother, the Lady Catelyn Stark, and to I's brothers at Winterfell, and to I's aunt and I's grandfather as well, Lady Lysa Arryn of the Eyrie, and Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun. By the time I had done, I's fingers were cramped and stiff and stained with ink. Varys had I's father's seal. I warmed the pale white beeswax over a candle, poured the pale white beeswax carefully, and watched as the eunuch stamped each letter with the direwolf of House Stark. Jeyne Poole and all Jeyne Poole's things were gone when Ser Mandon Moore returned I to the high tower of Maegor's Holdfast. No more weeping, I thought gratefully. Yet somehow it seemed colder with Jeyne Poole gone, even after I'd built a fire. I pulled a chair close to the hearth, took down one of I's favorite books, and lost I in the stories of Florian and Jonquil, of Lady Shella and the Rainbow Knight, of valiant Prince Aemon and valiant Prince Aemon's doomed love for valiant Prince Aemon's brother's queen. It was not until later that night, as I was drifting off to sleep, that I realized I had forgotten to ask about I's sister.