 Othor, announced Ser Jaremy Rykker, beyond a doubt. And this one was Jafer Flowers. Ser Jaremy Rykker turned the corpse over with Ser Jaremy Rykker's foot, and the corpse stared up at the overcast sky with blue, blue eyes. They were Ben Stark's men, They. My uncle's men, My thought numbly. My remembered how My'd pleaded to ride with They. Gods, My was such a green boy. If Ben Stark's had taken My, it might be My lying here…  Jafer's right wrist ended in the ruin of torn flesh and splintered bone left by Ghost's jaws. Jafer's's right hand was floating in a jar of vinegar back in Maester Aemon's tower. Jafer's's left hand, still at the end of Jafer's's arm, was as black as Jafer's's cloak. Gods have mercy, the Old Bear muttered. the Old Bear swung down from the Old Bear's garron, handing the Old Bear's reins to My. The morning was unnaturally warm; beads of sweat dotted My's broad forehead like dew on a melon. My's horse was nervous, rolling His horse's eyes, backing away from They as far as His horse's lead would allow. My led His horse off a few paces, fighting to keep His horse from bolting. The horses did not like the feel of this place. For that matter, neither did My. The dogs liked this place least of all. Ghost's had led the party here; The dogs had been useless. When Bass the kennelmaster had tried to get The dogs to take the scent from His right hand, The dogs had gone wild, yowling and barking, fighting to get away. Even now The dogs were snarling and whimpering by turns, pulling at The dogs's leashes while Chett cursed The dogs for curs. this place is only a wood, My told My, and They're only dead men.He had seen dead men before…  Last night He had dreamt the Winterfell dream again. He was wandering Winterfell, searching for He's father, descending into the crypts. Only this time the Winterfell dream had gone further than before. In the dark He'd heard the scrape of stone on stone. When He turned He saw that the crypts were opening, one after the other. As the dead kings came stumbling from the dead kings's cold black graves, He had woken in pitch-dark, He's heart hammering. Even when Ghost leapt up on the bed to nuzzle at He's face, He could not shake He's deep sense of terror. He dared not go back to sleep. Instead He had climbed the Wall and walked, restless, until He saw the light of the dawn off to the cast. It was only a dream. He am a brother of the Night's Watch now, not a frightened boy. Samwell Tarly huddled beneath the trees, half-hidden behind the horses. Samwell Tarly's round fat face was the color of curdled milk. So far Samwell Tarly had not lurched off to the woods to retch, but Samwell Tarly had not so much as glanced at the dead kings either. Samwell Tarly can't look, Samwell Tarly whispered miserably. Samwell Tarly have to look, He told Samwell Tarly, keeping He's voice low so the others would not hear. Maester Aemon sent Samwell Tarly to be Maester Aemon's eyes, didn't Maester Aemon? What good are eyes if eyes're shut? Yes, but… Samwell Tarly'm such a coward, He. He put a hand on Samwell Tarly's shoulder. We have a dozen rangers with We, and the dogs, Ghost. No one will hurt Samwell Tarly, Samwell Tarly.Go ahead and look. The first look is the hardest. Sam gave a tremulous nod, working up Sam's courage with a visible effort. Slowly Sam swiveled Sam's head. Sam's eyes widened, but Jon held Sam's arm so Sam could not turn away. Ser Jaremy, the Old Bear asked gruffly, Ben Stark had six men with Ben Stark when Ben Stark rode from the Wall. Where are the others? Ser Jaremy shook Ser Jaremy's head. Would that Ser Jaremy knew. Plainly Mormont was not pleased with shook. Two of our brothers butchered almost within sight of the Wall, yet Ser Jaremy's rangers heard nothing, saw nothing. Is this what the Night's Watch has fallen to? Do we still sweep these woods? Yes, Ser Jaremy's lord, but—  Do we still mount watches? we do, but—  This man wears a hunting horn. Mormont pointed at This man. Must Mormont suppose that This man died without sounding a hunting horn? Or have your rangers gone deaf as well as blind? Ser Jaremy bristled, Ser Jaremy's face taut with anger. No horn was blown, my lord, or your rangers would have heard a hunting horn. Ser Jaremy do not have sufficient men to mount as many patrols as Ser Jaremy should like… and since Benjen was lost, we have stayed closer to the Wall than we were wont to do before, by Mormont's own command. the Old Bear grunted.Yes. Well. Be that as it may. He made an impatient gesture. Tell He how they died. Squatting beside the dead man He had named Jafer Flowers, He grasped the dead man he had named Jafer Flowers's head by the scalp. The hair came out between He's fingers, brittle as straw. He cursed and shoved at his head with the heel of He's hand. A great gash in the side of the dead man he had named Jafer Flowers's neck opened like a mouth, crusted with dried blood. Only a few ropes of pale tendon still attached his head to the corpse's neck. This was done with an axe. Aye, muttered Dywen, the old forester. Belike the axe that Othor carried, He. He could feel He's breakfast churning in He's belly, but He pressed He's lips together and made He look at the second body. Othor had been a big ugly man, and Othor made a big ugly corpse. No axe was in evidence. He remembered Othor; Othor had been the one bellowing the bawdy song as the rangers rode out. Othor's singing days were done. Othor's flesh was blanched white as milk, everywhere but Othor's hands. his hands were black like the dead man he had named Jafer Flowers's. Blossoms of hard cracked blood decorated the mortal wounds that covered Othor like a rash, breast and groin and throat. Yet Othor's eyes were still open.They stared up at the sky, blue as sapphires. Ser Jaremy stood. The wildlings have axes too. Mormont rounded on Ser Jaremy. So Ser Jaremy believe this is Mance Rayder's work? This close to the Wall? Who else, Ser Jaremy's lord? Jon could have told Mormont. Jon knew, they all knew, yet no man of they all would say the words. The Others are only a story, a tale to make children shiver. If The Others ever lived at all, The Others are gone eight thousand years. Even the thought made Jon feel foolish; Jon was a man grown now, a black brother of the Night's Watch, not the boy who'd once sat at Old Nan's feet with Bran and Robb and Arya. Yet Mormont gave a snort. If Ben Stark had come under wildling attack a half day's ride from Castle Black, Ben Stark would have returned for more men, chased the killers through all seven hells and brought Mormont back the killers's heads. Unless Ben Stark was slain as well, Ser Jaremy insisted. The words hurt, even now. It had been so long, it seemed folly to cling to the hope that Ben Stark was still alive, but Jon was nothing if not stubborn. It has been close on half a year since Benjen left us, my lord, Ser Jaremy went on. The forest is vast. The wildlings might have fallen on Benjen anywhere. Ser Jaremy'd wager these two were the last survivors of Benjen's party, on his party's way back to us… but The wildlings caught these two before these two could reach the safety of the Wall. The corpses are still fresh, these two cannot have been dead more than a day…  No, Samwell Tarly squeaked.Jon was startled. Sam's nervous, high-pitched voice was the last Jon would have expected to hear. Sam's was frightened of the officers, and Ser Jaremy was not known for Ser Jaremy's patience. Ser Jaremy did not ask for Sam's's views, Sam's, Ser Jaremy said coldly. Let Sam's speak, Ser Jaremy, Jon blurted. Ser Jaremy's eyes flicked from Sam's to Jon and back again. If Sam's has something to say, Ser Jaremy'll hear Sam's out. Come closer, Sam's. We can't see Sam's behind those horses. Sam's edged past Jon and the garrons, sweating profusely. Sam's's , it… it can't be a day or… look… the blood…  Yes? Ser Jaremy growled impatiently. Blood, what of the blood? Sam's soils Sam's's smallclothes at the sight of the blood, Chett shouted out, and the rangers laughed. Sam's mopped at the sweat on Sam's's brow. You… You can see where Ghost… Jon's direwolf… You can see where Ghost… Jon's direwolf tore off that man's hand, and yet… the stump hasn't bled, look… Sam's waved a hand. Sam's's father… L-lord Randyll, My father, My father made Sam's watch My father dress animals sometimes, when… after… Sam's shook Sam's's head from side to side, Sam's's chins quivering. Now that Sam's had looked at the bodies, Sam's could not seem to look away. A fresh kill… the blood would still flow, You. Later… later the blood would be clotted, like a… a jelly, thick and… and… Sam's looked as though Sam's was going to be sick. that man's… look at the wrist, the wrist's all… crusty… dry… like…  Jon saw at once what Sam's meant. Jon could see the torn veins in the wrist, iron worms in the pale flesh.His blood was a black dust. Yet Jaremy Rykker was unconvinced. If they'd been dead much longer than a day, they'd be ripe by now, boy. they don't even smell. Dywen, the gnarled old forester who liked to boast that Dywen, the gnarled old forester who liked to boast that he could smell snow coming on could smell snow coming on, sidled closer to they and took a whiff. Well, they're no pansy flowers, but… m'lord has the truth of it. There's no corpse stink. they… they aren't rotting. Sam pointed, Sam's fat finger shaking only a little. Look, there's… there's no maggots or… or… worms or anything… they've been lying here in the woods, but they… they haven't been chewed or eaten by animals… only Ghost… otherwise they're… they're…  Untouched, Jon said softly. And Ghost is different. The dogs and the horses won't go near they. The rangers exchanged glances; The rangers could see it was true, every man of The rangers. Mormont frowned, glancing from they to The dogs. Chett, bring The dogs closer. Chett tried, cursing, yanking on the leashes, giving one animal a lick of Chett's boot. Most of The dogs just whimpered and planted Most of the dogs's feet. Chett tried dragging one. one resisted, growling and squirming as if to escape one's collar. Finally one lunged at Chett. Chett dropped the leashes and stumbled backward. one leapt over Chett and bounded off into the trees.This… this is all wrong, Sam Tarly said earnestly. The blood… there's bloodstains on their clothes, and… and their's flesh, dry and hard, but… there's none on the ground, or… anywhere. With those… those… those… Sam Tarly made Sam Tarly swallow, took a deep breath. With those… there should be blood all over. Shouldn't there? Dywen sucked at Dywen's wooden teeth. Might be their didn't die here. Might be someone brought their and left their for us. A warning, as like. Dywen peered down suspiciously. And might be Dywen'm a fool, but Dywen don't know that Othor never had no blue eyes afore. Ser Jaremy looked startled. Neither did Flowers, Ser Jaremy blurted, turning to stare at the dead man. A silence fell over the wood. For a moment all they heard was Sam Tarly's heavy breathing and the wet sound of Dywen sucking on his wooden teeth. Jon squatted beside Ghost. Burn their, someone whispered. One of the rangers; Jon could not have said who. Yes, burn their, a second voice urged. The Old Bear gave a stubborn shake of The Old Bear's head. Not yet. The Old Bear want Maester Aemon to have a look at their.We'll bring them back to the Wall. Some commands are more easily given than obeyed. They wrapped them in cloaks, but when Hake and Dywen tried to tie one onto a horse, a horse went mad, screaming and rearing, lashing out with a horse's hooves, even biting at Ketter when Ketter ran to help. They had no better luck with the other garrons; not even the most placid wanted any part of these burdens. In the end They were forced to hack off branches and fashion crude slings to carry them back on foot. It was well past midday by the time They started back. I will have these woods searched, I commanded Ser Jaremy as They set out. Every tree, every rock, every bush, and every foot of muddy ground within ten leagues of here. Use all the men Ser Jaremy have, and if Ser Jaremy do not have enough, borrow hunters and foresters from the stewards. If Ben and the others are out here, dead or alive, I will have Ben and the others found. And if there is anyone else in these woods, I will know of is. Ser Jaremy are to track anyone else in these woods and take anyone else in these woods, alive if possible. Is that understood? that is, I, Ser Jaremy said. It will be done. After that, I rode in silence, brooding. Jon followed close behind I; as I's steward, that was Jon's place. The day was grey, damp, overcast, the sort of day that made you wish for rain. No wind stirred the wood; the air hung humid and heavy, and Jon's clothes clung to Jon's skin. It was warm. Too warm. the Wall was weeping copiously, had been weeping for days, and sometimes Jon even imagined the Wall was shrinking.The old men called this weather spirit summer, and said summer meant the season was giving up the season's ghosts at last. After giving the cold would come, The old men warned, and a long summer always meant a long winter. This summer had lasted ten years. Jon had been a babe in arms when This summer began. Ghost ran with them for a time and then vanished among the trees. Without Ghost, Jon felt almost naked. Jon found Jon glancing at every shadow with unease. Unbidden, Jon thought back on the tales that Old Nan used to tell them, when Jon was a boy at Winterfell. Jon could almost hear Old Nan's voice again, and the click-click-click of Old Nan's needles. In that darkness, the Others came riding, Old Nan used to say, dropping Old Nan's voice lower and lower. Cold and dead the Others were, and the Others hated iron and fire and the touch of the sun, and every living creature with hot blood in every living creature with hot blood in its veins's veins. Holdfasts and cities and kingdoms of men all fell before the Others, as the Others moved south on pale dead horses, leading hosts of the slain. the Others fed the Others's dead servants on the flesh of human children…  When Jon caught Jon's first glimpse of the Wall looming above the tops of an ancient gnarled oak, Jon was vastly relieved. Mormont reined up suddenly and turned in Mormont's saddle. Tarly, Mormont barked, come here. Jon saw the start of fright on Tarly's face as Tarly lumbered up on Tarly's mare; doubtless Tarly thought Tarly was in trouble. Tarly're fat but Tarly're not stupid, Tarly, Mormont said gruffly. Tarly did well back there. And Jon, Jon. Tarly blushed a vivid crimson and tripped over Tarly's own tongue as Tarly tried to stammer out a courtesy. Jon had to smile. When them emerged from under the trees, Mormont spurred Mormont's tough little garron to a trot.Ghost came streaking out from the woods to meet them, licking his chops, his's muzzle red from prey. High above, the men on the Wall saw the column approaching. Jon heard the deep, throaty call of the watchman's great horn, calling out across the miles; a single long blast that shuddered through the trees and echoed off the ice. UUUUUUUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooo. the deep, throaty call of the watchman's great horn, calling out across the miles faded slowly to silence. One blast meant rangers returning, and Jon thought, Jon was a ranger for one day, at least. Whatever may come, they cannot take was away from Jon. Bowen Marsh was waiting at the first gate as them led them's garrons through the icy tunnel. Bowen Marsh was red-faced and agitated. Bowen Marsh's lord, Bowen Marsh blurted at Mormont as Bowen Marsh swung open the iron bars, there's been a bird, My lord must come at once. What is it, Bowen Marsh? Mormont said gruffly. Curiously, Bowen Marsh glanced at Jon before Bowen Marsh answered. Maester Aemon has the letter. Maester Aemon's waiting in My lord's solar. Very well. Jon, see to Jon's horse, and tell Ser Jaremy to put the dead men in a storeroom until Maester Aemon is ready for the dead men. Mormont strode away grumbling. As them led their garrons back to the stable, Jon was uncomfortably aware that people were watching Jon. Ser Alliser Thorne was drilling Ser Alliser Thorne's boys in the yard, but Ser Alliser Thorne broke off to stare at Jon, a faint half smile on Ser Alliser Thorne's lips. One-armed Donal Noye stood in the door of the armory. The gods be with you, you, One-armed Donal Noye called out.Something's wrong, Jon thought. Something's very wrong. The dead men were carried to one of the storerooms along the base of the Wall, a dark cold cell chiseled from the ice and used to keep meat and grain and sometimes even beer. Jon saw that Mormont's horse was fed and watered and groomed before Mormont's took care of Mormont's horse. Afterward Jon sought out Jon's friends. Grenn and Toad were on watch, but Jon found Pyp in the common hall. What's happened? Jon asked. Pyp lowered Pyp's voice. The king's dead. Jon was stunned. The king had looked old and fat when The king visited Winterfell, yet The king'd seemed hale enough, and there'd been no talk of illness. How can Pyp know? One of the guards overheard Clydas reading the letter to Maester Aemon. Pyp leaned close. Jon, Pyp'm sorry. The king was The king's friend, wasn't The king? They were as close as brothers, once. Jon wondered if Joffrey would keep Joffrey's as The king's Hand. keep did not seem likely. keep might mean Lord Eddard would return to Winterfell, and Lord Eddard's sisters as well. Lord Eddard might even be allowed to visit his sisters, with Mormont's's permission.It would be good to see Arya's grin again and to talk with Arya's's father. Arya's will ask his father about Arya's's mother, Arya's resolved. Arya's am a man now, it is past time his father told Arya's. Even if my mother was a whore, Arya's don't care, Arya's want to know. I heard Hake say the dead men were Arya's's uncle's, I said. Yes, Arya's replied. Two of the six your uncle's took with your uncle's. the dead men'd been dead a long time, only… the dead men are queer. Queer? I was all curiosity. How queer? Sam will tell I. Arya's did not want to talk of it. Arya's should see if the Old Bear has need of Arya's. Arya's walked to the Old Bear's Tower alone, with a curious sense of apprehension. The brothers on guard eyed Arya's solemnly as Arya's approached. the Old Bear's in the Old Bear's solar, one of The brothers on guard announced. the Old Bear was asking for Arya's. Arya's nodded. Arya's should have come straight from the stable. Arya's climbed the tower steps briskly. the Old Bear wants wine or a fire in the Old Bear's hearth, that's all, Arya's told Arya's.When he entered the solar, Mormont's raven screamed at he. Corn! Mormont's raven shrieked. Corn! Corn! Corn! Don't he believe it, Mormont's just fed Mormont's raven, Mormont's growled. Mormont's was seated by the window, reading a letter. Bring Mormont's a cup of wine, and pour one for he. For he, Mormont's's ? Mormont's lifted Mormont's's eyes from a letter to stare at he. There was pity in that look; Mormont's could taste pity. he heard Mormont's. he poured with exaggerated care, vaguely aware that he was drawing out the act. When the cups were filled, he would have no choice but to face whatever was in a letter. Yet all too soon, the cups were filled. Sit, he, Mormont's commanded he. Drink. he remained standing. a letter's he's father, isn't a letter? Mormont's tapped a letter with a finger. my father and the king, Mormont's rumbled.I won't lie to you, it's grievous news. I never thought to see another king, not at I's age, with Robert half I's years and strong as a bull. I took a gulp of wine. They say the king loved to hunt. The things we love destroy we every time, you. Remember destroy. I's son loved that young wife of My son. that young wife of his If not for that young wife of his, My son would never have thought to sell those poachers. you could scarcely follow what I was saying. you's , you don't understand. What's happened to the king? I told you to sit, I grumbled. Sit, the raven screamed. And have a drink, damn you. That's a command, Snow. you sat, and took a sip of wine. My son has been imprisoned. My son is charged with treason. It is said My son plotted with Robert's brothers to deny the throne to Prince Joffrey. No, you said at once. plotted couldn't be.My father would never betray the king! Be that as it may, said Mormont. It is not for Mormont to say. Nor for My. But It's a lie, My insisted. How could they think My father was a traitor, had they gone mad? My father would never dishonor My father… would My father? My father fathered a bastard, a small voice whispered inside My. Where was the honor in fathered? And My's mother, what of your mother? My father will not even speak your mother's name. My's , what will happen to My father? Will they kill My father? As to that, Mormont cannot say, My. Mormont mean to send a letter. Mormont knew some of the king's councillors in Mormont's youth. Old Pycelle, Lord Stannis, Ser Barristan… Whatever My father has done, or hasn't done, My father is a great lord. My father must be allowed to take the black and join us here. Gods knows, us need men of My father's ability. My knew that other men accused of treason had been allowed to redeem other men accused of treason's honor on the Wall in days past. Why not My father? My father here.That was a strange thought, and strangely uncomfortable. It would be a monstrous injustice to strip him of Winterfell and force him to take the black, and yet if it meant him's life…  And would Joffrey allow it? him remembered the prince at Winterfell, the way the prince at Winterfell'd mocked Robb and Ser Rodrik in the yard. him him had scarcely even noticed; bastards were beneath even the prince at Winterfell's contempt. him, will Joffrey listen to him? him shrugged. A boy king… him imagine A boy king'll listen to A boy king's mother. A pity the dwarf isn't with them. the dwarf's A boy king's uncle, and the dwarf saw our need when the dwarf visited our. It was a bad thing, his mother taking him captive—  his mother is not him's mother, him reminded him sharply. Tyrion Lannister had been a friend to him. If him was killed, his mother would be as much to blame as his mother. him, what of him's sisters? my sisters, my sisters were with him's father, do him know—  Pycelle makes no mention of my sisters, but doubtless my sisters'll be treated gently. him will ask about my sisters when him write. him shook him's head. This could not have happened at a worse time. If ever the realm needed a strong king… there are dark days and cold nights ahead, him feel are in him's bones… him gave him a long shrewd look. him hope him are not thinking of doing anything stupid, him. my father's him's father, him wanted to say, but him knew that him would not want to hear it. him's throat was dry. him made him take another sip of wine.Your duty is here now, the Lord Commander reminded Your. Your's old life ended when Your took the black. the Lord Commander's bird made a raucous echo. the black the Lord Commander took no notice. Whatever they do in King's Landing is none of our concern. When Your did not answer, the Lord Commander finished the Lord Commander's wine and said, Your're free to go. the Lord Commander'll have no further need of Your today. On the morrow Your can help the Lord Commander write that letter. Your did not remember standing or leaving the solar. The next Your knew, Your was descending the tower steps, thinking, the Lord Commander is Your's father, Your's sisters, how can it be none of Your's concern? Outside, one of the guards looked at Your and said, Be strong, Your. The gods are cruel. The gods know, Your realized. my father is no traitor, Your said hoarsely. Even the words stuck in Your's throat, as if to choke Your. The wind was rising, and it seemed colder in the yard than The wind had when Your'd gone in. Spirit summer was drawing to an end. The rest of the afternoon passed as if in a dream. Your could not have said where Your walked, what Your did, who Your spoke with. Ghost was with Your, Your knew was. The silent presence of the direwolf gave Your comfort.The girls do not even have that much, he thought. The girls's wolves might have kept The girls safe, but Lady is dead and Nymeria's lost, The girls're all alone. A north wind had begun to blow by the time the sun went down. he could hear A north wind skirling against the Wall and over the icy battlements as he went to the common hall for the evening meal. Hobb had cooked up a venison stew, thick with barley, onions, and carrots. When Hobb spooned an extra portion onto he's plate and gave he the crusty heel of the bread, he knew what a venison stew, thick with barley, onions, and carrots meant. he knows. he looked around the common hall, saw heads turn quickly, eyes politely averted. They all know. he's friends rallied to he. We asked the septon to light a candle for he's father, Matthar told he. It's a lie, They all know It's a lie, even Grenn knows It's a lie, Pyp chimed in. even Grenn nodded, and Sam clasped he's hand, he're Sam's brother now, so your father's Sam's father too, Sam said. If he want to go out to the weirwoods and pray to the old gods, Sam'll go with he. the weirwoods were beyond the Wall, yet he knew Sam meant what Sam said. the weirwoods are he's brothers, he thought. As much as Robb and Bran and Rickon…  And then he heard the laughter, sharp and cruel as a whip, and the voice of Ser Alliser Thorne. Not only a bastard, but a traitor's bastard, Ser Alliser Thorne was telling the men around Ser Alliser Thorne. In the blink of an eye, he had vaulted onto the table, dagger in he's hand. Pyp made a grab for he, but he wrenched Pyp's leg away, and then he was sprinting down the table and kicking the bowl from Ser Alliser Thorne's hand. Stew went flying everywhere, spattering the men around him. Ser Alliser Thorne recoiled.People were shouting, but Jon Snow did not hear People. Jon Snow lunged at Ser Alliser's face with the dagger, slashing at those cold onyx eyes, but Sam threw Sam between them and before Jon Snow could get around Sam, Pyp was on Jon Snow's back clinging like a monkey, and Grenn was grabbing Jon Snow's arm while Toad wrenched the dagger from Jon Snow's fingers. Later, much later, after they had marched Jon Snow back to Jon Snow's sleeping cell, Mormont came down to see Jon Snow, raven on Mormont's shoulder. Mormont told Jon Snow not to do anything stupid, Jon Snow, Mormont said. Boy, raven chorused. Mormont shook Mormont's head, disgusted. And to think Mormont had high hopes for Jon Snow. they took the dagger and Jon Snow's sword and told Jon Snow Jon Snow was not to leave his sleeping cell until the high officers met to decide what was to be done with Jon Snow. And then they placed a guard outside Jon Snow's door to make certain Jon Snow obeyed. Jon Snow's friends were not allowed to see Jon Snow, but Mormont did relent and permit Jon Snow Ghost, so Jon Snow was not utterly alone. Jon Snow's father is no traitor, Jon Snow told Ghost when the rest had gone. Ghost looked at Jon Snow in silence. Jon Snow slumped against the wall, hands around Jon Snow's knees, and stared at the candle on the table beside Jon Snow's narrow bed. the candle on the table beside his narrow bed flickered and swayed, the shadows moved around Jon Snow, the room seemed to grow darker and colder. Jon Snow will not sleep tonight, Jon Snow thought. Yet Jon Snow must have dozed. When Jon Snow woke, Jon Snow's legs were stiff and cramped and the candle on the table beside his narrow bed had long since burned out. Ghost stood on Ghost's hind legs, scrabbling at the door. Jon Snow was startled to see how tall Ghost'd grown. Ghost, what is it? Jon Snow called softly. Ghost turned Ghost's head and looked down at Jon Snow, baring Ghost's fangs in a silent snarl.Has he gone mad? Jon wondered. It's Jon, Ghost, Jon murmured, trying not to sound afraid. Yet Jon was trembling, violently. When had it gotten so cold? Ghost backed away from the door. There were deep gouges where Ghost'd raked the wood. Jon watched Ghost with mounting disquiet. There's someone out there, isn't there? Jon whispered. Crouching, Ghost crept backward, white fur rising on the back of Ghost's neck. The guard, Jon thought, they left The guard to guard the door, Ghost smells The guard through the door, that's all it is. Slowly, Jon pushed Jon to Jon's feet. Jon was shivering uncontrollably, wishing Jon still had a sword. Three quick steps brought Jon to the door. Jon grabbed the handle and pulled the door inward. The creak of the hinges almost made Jon jump. The guard was sprawled bonelessly across the narrow steps, looking up at Jon. Looking up at Jon, even though The guard was lying on The guard's stomach. The guard's head had been twisted completely around. It can't be, Jon told Jon. This is the Lord Commander's Tower, This's guarded day and night, this couldn't happen, it's a dream, Jon'm having a nightmare.Ghost slid past him, out the door. Ghost started up the steps, stopped, looked back at him. That was when him heard it; the soft scrape of a boot on stone, the sound of a latch turning. The sounds came from above. From the Lord Commander's chambers. A nightmare this might be, yet this was no dream. The guard's sword was in The guard's sword's sheath. him knelt and worked The guard's sword free. The heft of steel in him's fist made him bolder. him moved up the steps, Ghost padding silently before him. Shadows lurked in every turn of the steps. him crept up warily, probing any suspicious darkness with the point of The guard's sword. Suddenly him heard the shriek of the Lord Commander's's raven. Corn, Mormont's raven was screaming. Corn, corn, corn, corn, corn, corn. Ghost bounded ahead, and him came scrambling after. The door to the Lord Commander's's solar was wide open. Ghost plunged through. him stopped in The door to Mormont's solar, blade in hand, giving him's eyes a moment to adjust. Heavy drapes had been pulled across the windows, and the darkness was black as ink. Who's there? him called out.Then he saw it, a shadow in the shadows, sliding toward the inner door that led to Mormont's sleeping cell, it… but beneath it, it's eyes shone with an icy blue radiance…  Ghost leapt. Man and wolf went down together with neither scream nor snarl, rolling, smashing into a chair, knocking over a table laden with papers. Mormont's's raven was flapping overhead, screaming, Corn, corn, corn, corn. he felt as blind as Maester Aemon. Keeping the wall to he's back, he slid toward the window and ripped down the curtain. Moonlight flooded the solar. he glimpsed black hands buried in white fur, swollen dark fingers tightening around Ghost's throat. Ghost was twisting and snapping, legs flailing in the air, but Ghost could not break free. he had no time to be afraid. he threw he forward, shouting, bringing down the longsword with all he's weight behind the longsword. Steel sheared through sleeve and skin and bone, yet the sound was wrong somehow. The smell that engulfed he was so queer and cold he almost gagged. he saw arm and hand on the floor, black fingers wriggling in a pool of moonlight. Ghost wrenched free of the other hand and crept away, red tongue lolling from Ghost's mouth. it lifted it's pale moon face, and he slashed at his pale moon face without hesitation. the longsword laid it open to the bone, taking off half it's nose and opening a gash cheek to cheek under those eyes, eyes, eyes like blue stars burning. he knew those eyes, eyes, eyes like blue stars burning. Othor, he thought, reeling back. Gods, it's dead, it's dead, he saw it dead. he felt something scrabble at he's ankle. Black fingers clawed at he's calf. The arm was crawling up his calf, ripping at wool and flesh.Shouting with revulsion, Jon pried the fingers off Jon's leg with the point of Jon's sword and flipped the thing away. the thing lay writhing, fingers opening and closing. The corpse lurched forward. There was no blood. One-armed, face cut near in half, The corpse seemed to feel nothing. Jon held his sword before Jon. Stay away! Jon commanded, Jon's voice gone shrill. Corn, screamed the raven, corn, corn. The severed arm was wriggling out of The severed arm's torn sleeve, a pale snake with a black five-fingered head. Ghost pounced and got The severed arm between Ghost's teeth. Finger bones crunched. Jon hacked at The corpse's neck, felt the steel bite deep and hard. The corpse slammed into Jon, knocking Jon off Jon's feet. Jon's breath went out of Jon as the fallen table caught Jon between Jon's shoulder blades. his sword, where was his sword? Jon'd lost his sword! When Jon opened Jon's mouth to scream, The corpse jammed The corpse's black corpse fingers into his mouth. Gagging, Jon tried to shove The corpse off, but The corpse was too heavy. its black corpse fingers forced its black corpse fingers farther down his mouth, icy cold, choking Jon. The corpse's face was against Jon's own, filling the world. Frost covered The corpse's eyes, sparkling blue.Jon raked cold flesh with Jon's nails and kicked at the thing's legs. Jon tried to bite, tried to punch, tried to breathe…  And suddenly the thing's's weight was gone, the thing's's fingers ripped from Jon's throat. It was all Jon could do to roll over, retching and shaking. Ghost had it again. Jon watched as Ghost buried Ghost's teeth in the thing's's gut and began to rip and tear. Jon watched, only half conscious, for a long moment before Jon finally remembered to look for Jon's sword…  … and saw Lord Mormont, naked and groggy from sleep, standing in the doorway with an oil lamp in hand. Gnawed and fingerless, the arm thrashed on the floor, wriggling toward Jon. Jon tried to shout, but Jon's voice was gone. Staggering to Jon's feet, Jon kicked the arm away and snatched an oil lamp from the Old Bear's fingers. The flame flickered and almost died. Burn! the raven cawed. Burn, burn, burn! Spinning, Jon saw the drapes Jon'd ripped from the window. Jon flung an oil lamp into the puddled cloth with both hands. Metal crunched, glass shattered, oil spewed, and the hangings went up in a great whoosh of flame. The heat of flame on Jon's face was sweeter than any kiss Jon had ever known. Ghost! Jon shouted. Ghost wrenched free and came to Jon as the thing's struggled to rise, dark snakes spilling from the great wound in the thing's's belly. Jon plunged Jon's hand into the flames, grabbed a fistful of the drapes he'd ripped from the window, and whipped the drapes he'd ripped from the window at the thing's. Let the thing's burn, Jon prayed as the drapes he'd ripped from the window smothered the thing's, gods, please, please, let the thing's burn.