 The Karstarks came in on a cold windy morning, bringing three hundred horsemen and near two thousand foot from The Karstarks's castle at Karhold. The steel points of The Karstarks's pikes winked in the pale sunlight as the column approached. A man went before the column, pounding out a slow, deep-throated marching rhythm on a drum that was bigger than A man was, boom, boom, boom. Bran watched the column come from a guard turret atop the outer wall, peering through Maester Luwin's bronze far-eye while perched on Hodor's shoulders. Lord Rickard himself led the column, Lord Rickard himself's sons Harrion and Eddard and Torrhen riding beside Lord Rickard himself beneath night-black banners emblazoned with the white sunburst of his sons Harrion and Eddard and Torrhen's House. Old Nan said the column had Stark blood in the column, going back hundreds of years, but the column did not look like Starks to Bran. the column were big men, and fierce, faces covered with thick beards, hair worn loose past the shoulders. the column's cloaks were made of skins, the pelts of bear and seal and wolf. the column were the last, Bran knew. The other lords were already here, with The other lords's hosts. Bran yearned to ride out among them, to see the winter houses full to bursting, the jostling crowds in the market square every morning, the streets rutted and torn by wheel and hoof. But Robb had forbidden Bran to leave their castle at Karhold. The Karstarks have no men to spare to guard Bran, Robb had explained. Bran'll take Summer, Bran argued. Don't act the boy with Robb, Bran, Robb said. Bran know better than act.Only two days ago one of Lord Bolton's men knifed one of Lord Cerwyn's at the Smoking Log. Our lady mother would skin one of Lord Bolton's men for a pelt if one of Lord Bolton's men let one of Lord Cerwyn's put one of Lord Cerwyn's at risk. one of Lord Bolton's men was using the voice of Robb the Lord when one of Lord Bolton's men said it; one of Lord Cerwyn's knew using meant there was no appeal. It was because of what had happened in the wolfswood, one of Lord Cerwyn's knew. The memory still gave one of Lord Cerwyn's bad dreams. one of Lord Cerwyn's had been as helpless as a baby, no more able to defend one of Lord Cerwyn's than Rickon would have been. Less, even… Rickon would have kicked them, at the least. kicked shamed Rickon. Rickon was only a few years younger than Robb the Lord; if Rickon was almost a man grown, so was Rickon. Rickon should have been able to protect Rickon. A year ago, before, Rickon would have visited the town even if visited meant climbing over the walls by Rickon. In those days Rickon could run down stairs, get on and off Rickon's pony by Rickon, and wield a wooden sword good enough to knock Prince Tommen in the dirt. Now Rickon could only watch, peering out through Maester Luwin's lens tube. Maester Luwin's had taught Rickon all the banners: the mailed fist of the Glovers, silver on scarlet; Lady Mormont's black bear; the hideous flayed man that went before Lord Bolton's; a bull moose for the Hornwoods; a battle-axe for Lord Cerwyn's; three sentinel trees for the Tallharts; and the fearsome sigil of House Umber, a roaring giant in shattered chains. And soon enough Rickon learned the faces too, when the lords and the lords's sons and knights retainer came to Winterfell to feast. Even the Great Hall was not large enough to seat the lords and their sons and knights retainer at once, so Robb the Lord hosted each of the principal bannermen in turn.Bran was always given the place of honor at Bran's brother's right hand. Some of the lords bannermen gave Bran queer hard stares as Bran sat there, as if Some of the lords bannermen wondered by what right a green boy should be placed above Some of the lords bannermen, and a green boy a cripple too. How many is it now? Bran asked Maester Luwin as his brother's and his brother's's sons rode through the gates in the outer wall. Twelve thousand men, or near enough as makes no matter. How many knights? Few enough, Maester Luwin said with a touch of impatience. To be a knight, you must stand your vigil in a sept, and be anointed with the seven oils to consecrate your vows. In the north, only a few of the great houses worship the seven oils. The rest honor the old gods, and name no knights… but those lords and those lords's sons and sworn swords are no less fierce or loyal or honorable. A man's worth is not marked by a ser before A man's's name. As Maester Luwin have told Bran a hundred times before. Still, said Bran, how many knights? Maester Luwin sighed. Three hundred, perhaps four… among three thousand armored lances who are not knights. his brother's is the last, Bran said thoughtfully.Robb will feast him tonight. No doubt Robb will. How long before… before they go? Robb must march soon, or not at all, Maester Luwin said. The winter town is full to bursting, and this army of Robb's will eat the countryside clean if this army of his camps here much longer. Others are waiting to join Robb all along the kingsroad, barrow knights and crannogmen and the Lords Manderly and Flint. The fighting has begun in the riverlands, and Robb has many leagues to go. your know. your felt as miserable as your sounded. your handed the bronze tube back to Maester Luwin, and noticed how thin Maester Luwin's hair had grown on top. your could see the pink of scalp showing through. It felt queer to look down on Maester Luwin this way, when your'd spent your's whole life looking up at Maester Luwin, but when you sat on Hodor's back you looked down on everyone. your don't want to watch anymore. Hodor's, take your back to the keep. Hodor's, said Hodor's. Maester Luwin tucked the bronze tube up Maester Luwin's sleeve.Bran, Bran's lord brother will not have time to see Bran now. your lord brother must greet Lord Karstark and Lord Karstark's sons and make Lord Karstark and his sons welcome. Bran won't trouble your lord brother. Bran want to visit the godswood. Bran put Bran's hand on Hodor's shoulder. Hodor's A series of chisel-cut handholds made a ladder in the granite of the tower's inner wall. Hodor's hummed tunelessly as Hodor's went down hand under hand, Bran bouncing against Hodor's's back in the wicker seat that Maester Luwin had fashioned for Bran. Maester Luwin had gotten the idea from the baskets the women used to carry firewood on the women's backs; after that it had been a simple matter of cutting legholes and attaching some new straps to spread Bran's weight more evenly. It was not as good as riding Dancer, but there were places Dancer could not go, and this did not shame Bran the way this did when Hodor's carried Bran in Hodor's's arms like a baby. Hodor's seemed to like this too, though with Hodor's it was hard to tell. The only tricky part was doors. Sometimes Hodor's forgot that Hodor's had Bran on his back, and forgot could be painful when Hodor's went through a door. For near a fortnight there had been so many comings and goings that your lord brother ordered both portcullises kept up and the drawbridge down between both portcullises, even in the dead of night. A long column of armored lancers was crossing the moat between the walls when Bran emerged from the tower's; Lord Karstark men, following Karstark men's lords into the tower's. A long column of armored lancers wore black iron halfhelms and black woolen cloaks patterned with the white sunburst.Hodor trotted along beside them, smiling to Hodor, Hodor's boots thudding against the wood of the drawbridge. them gave them queer looks as them went by, and once Bran heard someone guffaw. Bran refused to let it trouble Bran. Men will look at Hodor, Maester Luwin had warned Bran the first time they had strapped the wicker basket around Hodor's chest. Men will look, and Men will talk, and some will mock Hodor. Let some mock, Bran thought. No one mocked Bran in Bran's bedchamber, but Bran would not live Bran's life in bed. As them passed beneath the gatehouse portcullis, Bran put two fingers into Bran's mouth and whistled. Summer came loping across the yard. Suddenly them were fighting for control, as them's horses rolled their horses's eyes and whickered in dismay. One stallion reared, screaming, One stallion's rider cursing and hanging on desperately. The scent of the direwolves sent horses into a frenzy of fear if horses were not accustomed to The scent of the direwolves, but horses'd quiet soon enough once Summer was gone. The godswood, Bran reminded Hodor. Even Winterfell Even Winterfell itself was crowded. the yard rang to the sound of sword and axe, the rumble of wagons, and the barking of dogs. The armory doors were open, and Bran glimpsed Mikken at Mikken's forge, Mikken's hammer ringing as sweat dripped off Mikken's bare chest.Bran had never seen as many strangers in all Bran's years, not even when King Robert had come to visit Father. Bran tried not to flinch as Hodor ducked through a low door. They walked down a long dim hallway, Summer padding easily beside They. The wolf glanced up from time to time, eyes smoldering like liquid gold. Bran would have liked to touch The wolf, but Bran was riding too high for Bran's hand to reach. The godswood was an island of peace in the sea of chaos that Winterfell had become. Hodor made Hodor's way through the dense stands of oak and ironwood and sentinels, to the still pool beside the heart tree. Hodor stopped under the gnarled limbs of the weirwood, humming. Bran reached up over Bran's head and pulled Bran out of Bran's seat, drawing the dead weight of Bran's legs up through the holes in the wicker basket. Bran hung for a moment, dangling, the dark red leaves brushing against Bran's face, until Hodor lifted Bran and lowered Bran to the smooth stone beside the still pool beside the heart tree. Bran want to be by Bran for a while, Bran said. Bran go soak. Go to the pools. Hodor Hodor stomped through the trees and vanished. Across The godswood, beneath the windows of the Guest House, an underground hot spring fed three small ponds.Steam rose from the water day and night, and the wall that loomed above was thick with moss. Hodor hated cold water, and would fight like a treed wildcat when threatened with soap, but Hodor would happily immerse Hodor in the hottest pool and sit for hours, giving a loud burp to echo the spring whenever a bubble rose from the murky green depths to break upon the surface. Summer lapped at the water and settled down at Bran's side. Bran's rubbed Summer under the jaw, and for a moment boy and beast boy and beast both felt at peace. Bran's had always liked the godswood, even before, but of late Bran's found Bran's drawn to the godswood more and more. Even the heart tree no longer scared Bran's the way Even the heart tree used to. The deep red eyes carved into the pale trunk still watched Bran's, yet somehow Bran's took comfort from watched now. The gods were looking over Bran's, Bran's told Bran's; The godsThe gods. Bran's felt safe in The gods's sight, and the deep silence of the trees helped Bran's think. Bran's had been thinking a lot since Bran's's fall; thinking, and dreaming, and talking with The gods. Please make it so Robb won't go away, Bran's prayed softly. Bran's moved Bran's's hand through the water, sending ripples across the hottest pool. Please make Robb stay. Or if Robb has to go, bring Robb home safe, with Mother and Father and the girls. And make it… make it so Rickon understands. Rickon had been wild as a winter storm since Rickon learned Robb was riding off to war, weeping and angry by turns.He'd refused to eat, cried and screamed for most of a night, even punched Old Nan when Old Nan tried to sing He to sleep, and the next day He'd vanished. Robb had set half the castle searching for He, and when at last half the castle'd found He down in the crypts, He had slashed at half the castle with a rusted iron sword He'd snatched from a dead king's hand, and Shaggydog had come slavering out of the darkness like a green-eyed demon. Shaggydog was near as wild as He; Shaggydog'd bitten Gage on the arm and torn a chunk of flesh from Mikken's thigh. It had taken Robb and Grey Wind to bring Shaggydog to bay. Farlen had Shaggydog chained up in the crypts now, and He cried all the more for being without Shaggydog. Maester Luwin counseled Robb to remain at Winterfell, and Bran pleaded with Robb too, for Robb's own sake as much as He's, but Bran's only shook Robb's head stubbornly and said, Robb don't want to go. Robb have to. It was only half a lie. Someone had to go, to hold the Neck and help the Tullys against the Lannisters, Bran could understand had, but Someone did not have to be Robb. Bran's might have given the command to Hal Mollen or Theon Greyjoy, or to one of Robb's lords bannermen. Maester Luwin urged Robb to do given, but Robb would not hear of it. Robb would never have sent men off to die while Robb huddled like a craven behind the walls of Winterfell, Robb said, all Robb the Lord. Robb seemed half a stranger to Bran now, transformed, a lord in truth, though Robb had not yet seen Robb's sixteenth name day. Even Robb's bannermen seemed to sense seemed. Many tried to test Robb, each in each's own way. Roose Bolton and Robett Glover Roose Bolton and Robett Glover demanded the honor of battle command, Roose Bolton brusquely, Robett Glover with a smile and a jest.Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, told Robb bluntly that Robb was young enough to be Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man,'s grandson, and had no business giving Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man,'s commands… but as it happened, Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, had a granddaughter Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, would be willing to have Robb marry. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn had actually brought Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn's daughter with Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn, a plump, homely maid of thirty years who sat at his daughter's left hand and never lifted his daughter's eyes from his daughter's plate. Jovial Lord Hornwood had no daughters, but Jovial Lord Hornwood did bring gifts, a horse one day, a haunch of venison the next, a silver-chased hunting horn the day after, and Jovial Lord Hornwood asked nothing in return… nothing but a certain holdfast taken from Jovial Lord Hornwood's grandfather, and hunting rights north of a certain ridge, and leave to dam the White Knife, if it please the lord. Robb answered each of them with cool courtesy, much as the lord might have, and somehow Robb bent them to Robb's will. And when Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide's men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide, threatened to take Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide's forces home if Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide was placed behind the Hornwoods or the Cerwyns in the order of march, Robb told Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide Robb was welcome to do so. And when we are done with the Lannisters, Robb promised, scratching Grey Wind behind the ear, we will march back north, root Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide out of Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide's keep, and hang Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide for an oathbreaker. Cursing, Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide flung a flagon of ale into the fire and bellowed that Robb was so green Robb must piss grass. When Hallis Mollen moved to restrain Robb, Robb knocked Hallis Mollen to the floor, kicked over a table, and unsheathed the biggest, ugliest greatsword that Bran had ever seen. All along the benches, Robb's sons and brothers and sworn swords leapt to his sons and brothers and sworn swords's feet, grabbing for his sons and brothers and sworn swords's steel. Yet Robb only said a quiet word, and in a snarl and the blink of an eye Robb was on Robb's back, the biggest, ugliest greatsword that Bran had ever seen spinning on the floor three feet away and Robb's hand dripping blood where Grey Wind had bitten off two fingers. the lord taught Robb that it was death to bare steel against the lord, Robb said, but doubtless your only meant to cut Robb's meat. Bran's bowels went to water as Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide struggled to rise, sucking at the red stumps of fingers… but then, astonishingly, Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide laughed. Robb's meat, Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide roared, is bloody tough. And somehow after that Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide became Robb's right hand, Robb's staunchest champion, loudly telling all and sundry that Robb was a Stark after all, and all and sundry'd damn well better bend all and sundry's knees if all and sundry didn't fancy having their knees chewed off. Yet that very night, Robb came to Bran's bedchamber pale and shaken, after the fires had burned low in the Great Hall. Robb thought Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide was going to kill Robb, Robb confessed.Did you see the way he threw down Hal, like Hal was no bigger than Rickon? Gods, you was so scared. And he's not the worst of them, only the loudest. he never says a word, he only looks at you, and all you can think of is that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of the Boltons's enemies. that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies's just one of Old Nan's stories, Bran said. A note of doubt crept into Bran's voice. Isn't that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies? you don't know. you gave a weary shake of you's head. Lord Cerwyn means to take Lord Cerwyn's daughter south with us. To cook for Lord Cerwyn, Lord Cerwyn says. Theon is certain you'll find his daughter in you's bedroll one night. you wish… you wish Father was here…  That was the one thing they could agree on, theyRickon ; they wished Father was here. But Lord Eddard was a thousand leagues away, a captive in some dungeon, a hunted fugitive running for Lord Eddard's life, or even dead. No one seemed to know for certain; every traveler told a different tale, each more terrifying than the last. The heads of Father's guardsmen were rotting on the walls of the Red Keep, impaled on spikes.King Robert was dead at Father's hands. The Baratheons had laid siege to Father's's Landing. Lord Eddard had fled south with Father's's wicked brother Renly. Arya and Sansa had been murdered by the Hound. Mother had killed Tyrion the Imp and hung Tyrion the Imp's body from the walls of Riverrun. Lord Tywin Lannister was marching on the Eyrie, burning and slaughtering as Lord Tywin Lannister went. One wine-sodden taleteller even claimed that Rhaegar Targaryen had returned from the dead and was marshaling a vast host of ancient heroes on Dragonstone to reclaim Rhaegar Targaryen's throne. When the raven came, bearing a letter marked with Father's's own seal and written in Sansa's hand, the cruel truth seemed no less incredible. Bran would never forget the look on Robb's face as Robb's stared at Mother's words. Mother says Father's conspired at treason with Father's's brothers, Robb's read. King Robert is dead, and Mother and Robb's are summoned to the Red Keep to swear fealty to Joffrey. Mother says Mother and I must be loyal, and when Mother marries Joffrey Mother will plead with Joffrey to spare Mother and I's life. Robb's's fingers closed into a fist, crushing a letter marked with Father's own seal and written in Sansa's hand between His fingers. And Mother says nothing of Arya, nothing, not so much as a word. Damn Mother! What's wrong with Arya?Bran felt all cold inside. She lost She's wolf, Bran said, weakly, remembering the day when four of Bran's father's guardsmen had returned from the south with She's bones. Summer and Grey Wind and Shaggydog had begun to howl before four of his father's guardsmen crossed the drawbridge, in voices drawn and desolate. Beneath the shadow of the First Keep was an ancient lichyard, an ancient lichyard, its headstones spotted with pale lichen, where the old Kings of Winter had laid their faithful servants's headstones spotted with pale lichen, where the old Kings of Winter had laid the old Kings of Winter's faithful servants. It was there the old Kings of Winter buried She, while She's brothers stalked between the graves like restless shadows. She had gone south, and Lady's bones had returned. her brothers's grandfather, old Lord Rickard, had gone as well, with Their grandfather, old Lord Rickard's son Brandon who was his father's's brother, and two hundred of Their grandfather, old Lord Rickard's best men. None had ever returned. And his father's had gone south, with Arya and Sansa, and Jory and Hullen and Fat Tom and the rest, and later Mother and Ser Rodrik had gone, and Mother and Ser Rodrik hadn't come back either. And now Robb meant to go. Not to King's Landing and not to swear fealty, but to Riverrun, with a sword in Robb's hand. And if his father's were truly a prisoner, were could mean his father's's death for a certainty. were frightened Bran more than Bran could say. If Robb has to go, watch over Robb, Bran entreated the old gods, as the old gods watched Robb with the heart tree's red eyes, and watch over Robb's men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords. And Theon too, Bran suppose. Watch his men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords and keep his men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords safe, if it please the old gods, the old gods.Help them defeat the Lannisters and save Father and bring them home. A faint wind sighed through the godswood and the red leaves stirred and whispered. Summer bared Summer's teeth. Summer hear them, Summer? a voice asked. Summer lifted Summer's head. Osha stood across the pool, beneath an ancient oak, Osha's face shadowed by leaves. Even in irons, Osha moved quiet as a cat. Summer circled the pool, sniffed at Osha. Osha flinched. Summer, to Summer, Summer called. Summer took one final sniff, spun, and bounded back. Summer wrapped Summer's arms around Summer. What are Osha doing here? Summer had not seen Osha since they'd taken Osha captive in the wolfswood, though Summer knew Osha'd been set to working in the kitchens. They are Osha's gods too, Osha said.Beyond the Wall, they are the only gods. Her hair was growing out, brown and shaggy. Her hair made Her look more womanly, Her hair and the simple dress of brown roughspun they'd given Her when they took Her's mail and leather. Gage lets Her have Her's prayers from time to time, when Her feel the need, and Her let Gage do as Gage likes under Her's skirt, when Gage feels the need. It's nothing to Her. Her like the smell of flour on Gage's hands, and Gage's gentler than Stiv. Her gave an awkward bow. Her'll leave you. There's pots that want scouring. No, stay, Bran commanded Her. Tell Bran what Her meant, about hearing they. Her studied Bran. Bran asked they and they're answering. Open Bran's ears, listen, Bran'll hear. Bran listened. It's only the wind, Bran said after a moment, uncertain.The leaves are rustling. Who do you think sends the wind, if not the gods? She seated She across the pool from you, clinking faintly as She moved. Mikken had fixed iron manacles to She's ankles, with a heavy chain between iron manacles; She could walk, so long as She kept She's strides small, but there was no way for She to run, or climb, or mount a horse. They see you, you. They hear you talking. That rustling, That rustling's They talking back. What are They saying? They're sad. you will get no help from They, not where you's going. the gods have no power in the south. The weirwoods there were all cut down, thousands of years ago. How can the gods watch you when the gods have no eyes? you had not thought of watch. watch frightened you. If the gods could not help you, what hope was there?Maybe Osha wasn't hearing them right. He cocked He's head and tried to listen again. He thought He could hear the sadness now, but nothing more than the sadness. The rustling grew louder. Bran heard muffled footfalls and a low humming, and Hodor came blundering out of the trees, naked and smiling. Hodor Hodor must have heard our voices, Bran said. Hodor, Hodor forgot Hodor's clothes. Hodor, Hodor agreed. Hodor was dripping wet from the neck down, steaming in the chill air. Hodor's body was covered with brown hair, thick as a pelt. Between Hodor's legs, Hodor's manhood swung long and heavy. Osha eyed Hodor with a sour smile. Now there's Hodor, Osha said. Hodor has giant's blood in Hodor, or Osha'm the queen. Maester Luwin says there are no more giants.He says they're all dead, like the children of the forest. All that's left of they are old bones in the earth that men turn up with plows from time to time. Let He ride beyond the Wall, Osha said. He'll find giants then, or giants'll find He. Osha's brother killed one. Ten foot tall one was, and stunted at that. They've been known to grow big as twelve and thirteen feet. Fierce things They are too, all hair and teeth, and the wives have beards like the wives's husbands, so there's no telling the wives apart. the wives take human men for lovers, and it's from human men the half bloods come. It goes harder on the women the wives catch. The men are so big The men'll rip a maid apart before The men get a maid with child. Osha grinned at him. But him don't know what Osha mean, do him, him? Yes him do, him insisted. him understood about mating; him had seen dogs in the yard, and watched a stallion mount a mare. But talking about mating made him uncomfortable.He looked at Hodor. Go back and bring Hodor's clothes, Hodor, He said. Go dress. Hodor Hodor walked back the way Hodor had come, ducking under a low-hanging tree limb. Hodor was awfully big, Bran thought as Bran watched Hodor go. Are there truly giants beyond the Wall? Bran asked Osha, uncertainly. Giants and worse than giants, Bran. Osha tried to tell Bran's brother when your brother asked your brother's questions, your brother and Bran's maester and that smiley boy Greyjoy. The cold winds are rising, and men go out from men's fires and never come back… or if men do, men're not men no more, but only wights, with blue eyes and cold black hands. Why do Osha think Osha run south with Stiv and Hali and the rest of them fools? Mance thinks Mance'll fight, Mance, like the white walkers were no more than rangers, but what does Mance know? Mance can call Mance King-beyond-the Wall all Mance likes, but Mance's still just another old black crow who flew down from the Shadow Tower. Mance's never tasted winter. Osha was born up there, Bran, like Osha's mother and my mother's mother before my mother and my mother's mother before my mother, born of the Free Folk.We remember. Osha stood, Osha's chains rattling together. Osha tried to tell your lordling brother. Only yesterday, when Osha saw your lordling brother in the yard. ‘M'lord Stark,' Osha called to your lordling brother, respectful as your please, but your lordling brother looked through Osha, and that sweaty oaf Greatjon Umber shoves Osha out of the path. So be it. Osha'll wear Osha's irons and hold Osha's tongue. A man who won't listen can't hear. Tell Osha. your lordling brother will listen to Osha, Osha know your lordling brother will. Will your lordling brother now? We'll see. Osha tell your lordling brother this, Osha. Osha tell your lordling brother your lordling brother's bound on marching the wrong way. It's north your lordling brother should be taking your lordling brother's swords. North, not south.You hear me? You nodded. You'll tell him. But that night, when they feasted in the Great Hall, Robb was not with they. Robb took Robb's meal in the solar instead, with Lord Rickard and the Greatjon and the other lords bannermen, to make the final plans for the long march to come. It was left to You to fill You's place at the head of the table, and act the host to Lord Karstark's sons and honored friends. Lord Karstark's sons and honored friends were already at Lord Karstark's sons and honored friends's places when Hodor carried You into the Great Hall on Hodor's back, and knelt beside the high seat. Two of the serving men helped lift You from You's basket. You could feel the eyes of every stranger in the Great Hall. It had grown quiet. You's lords, Hallis Mollen announced, Brandon Stark, of Winterfell. You welcome My lords to our fires, You said stiffly, and offer My lords meat and mead in honor of our's friendship. Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard's sons, bowed, and Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard's sons's brothers after Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard's sons, yet as they settled back in they's places You heard the younger two talking in low voices, over the clatter of wine cups. …sooner die than live like that, muttered one, one, his father's namesake Eddard's father's namesake Eddard, and one, his father's namesake Eddard's brother Torrhen said likely one, his father's namesake Eddard was broken inside as well as out, too craven to take one, his father's namesake Eddard's own life. Broken, You thought bitterly as You clutched You's knife. Is Broken what You was now?Bran the Broken? Bran the Broken don't want to be broken, Bran the Broken whispered fiercely to Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to Bran the Broken's right. Bran the Broken want to be a knight. There are some who call Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right's order the knights of the mind, Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right replied. Bran the Broken are a surpassing clever boy when Bran the Broken work at it, Bran the Broken. Have Bran the Broken ever thought that Bran the Broken might wear a maester's chain? There is no limit to what Bran the Broken might learn. Bran the Broken want to learn magic, Bran the Broken told Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right. The crow promised that Bran the Broken would fly. Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right sighed. Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right can teach Bran the Broken history, healing, herblore. Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right can teach Bran the Broken the speech of ravens, and how to build a castle, and the way a sailor steers a sailor's ship by the stars. Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to his right can teach Bran the Broken to measure the days and mark the seasons, and at the Citadel in Oldtown they can teach Bran the Broken a thousand things more. But, Bran the Broken, no man can teach Bran the Broken magic. The children could, Bran the Broken said. The childrenThat reminded him of the promise him had made to Osha in the godswood, so him told Luwin what Osha had said. Luwin listened politely. Osha could give Old Nan lessons in telling tales, Luwin think, Luwin said when him was done. Luwin will talk with Osha again if him like, but it would be best if him did not trouble him's brother with this folly. your brother has more than enough to concern your brother without fretting over giants and dead men in the woods. It's the Lannisters who hold him's lord father, him, not the children of the forest. Luwin put a gentle hand on him's arm. Think on what Luwin said, him. And two days later, as a red dawn broke across a windswept sky, him found him in the yard beneath the gatehouse, strapped atop Dancer as him said him's farewells to your brother. him are the lord in Winterfell now, your brother told him. your brother was mounted on a shaggy grey stallion, your brother's shield hung from a shaggy grey stallion's side; wood banded with iron, white and grey, and on his shield the snarling face of a direwolf. your brother wore grey chainmail over bleached leathers, sword and dagger at your brother's waist, a fur-trimmed cloak across your brother's shoulders. him must take your brother's place, as your brother took your lord father's, until we come home. him know, him replied miserably. him had never felt so little or alone or scared. him did not know how to be a lord.Listen to Maester Luwin's counsel, and take care of Rickon. Tell Rickon that I'll be back as soon as the fighting is done. Rickon had refused to come down. Rickon was up in Rickon's chamber, redeyed and defiant. No! Rickon'd screamed when Bran had asked if Rickon didn't want to say farewell to I. NO farewell! Bran told Rickon, Bran said. Rickon says no one ever comes back. Rickon can't be a baby forever. Rickon's a Stark, and near four. I sighed. Well, Mother will be home soon. And I'll bring back Father, I promise. I wheeled I's courser around and trotted away. Grey Wind followed, loping beside his courser, lean and swift.Hallis Mollen went before them through the gate, carrying the rippling white banner of House Stark atop a high standard of grey ash. Theon Greyjoy and the Greatjon fell in on either side of Robb, and Theon Greyjoy and the Greatjon's knights formed up in a double column behind Theon Greyjoy and the Greatjon, steel-tipped lances glinting in the sun. Uncomfortably, he remembered Osha's words. Robb's marching the wrong way, he thought. For an instant he wanted to gallop after Robb and shout a warning, but when Robb vanished beneath the portcullis, the moment was gone. Beyond the castle walls, a roar of sound went up. The foot soldiers and townsfolk were cheering Robb as Robb rode past, he knew; cheering for House Stark, for House StarkHouse Stark's House Stark's House Stark. The foot soldiers and townsfolk would never cheer for House Stark that way, he realized with a dull ache. he might be the lord in Winterfell while he's brother and father were gone, but he was still he. he could not even get off he's own horse, except to fall. When the distant cheers had faded to silence and the yard was empty at last, Winterfell seemed deserted and dead. he looked around at the faces of those who remained, women and children and old men… and Hodor. Hodor had a lost and frightened look to Hodor's face. Hodor? Hodor said sadly. Hodor, he agreed, wondering what it meant.