 When he had taken he's pleasure, he rose from their sleeping mats to tower above her. he's skin shone dark as bronze in the ruddy light from the brazier, the faint lines of old scars visible on he's broad chest. Ink-black hair, loose and unbound, cascaded over he's shoulders and down he's back, well past he's waist. he's manhood glistened wetly. he's mouth twisted in a frown beneath the droop of he's long mustachio. The stallion who mounts the world has no need of iron chairs. her propped her on an elbow to look up at he. her loved he's hair especially. his hair had never been cut; he had never known defeat. It was prophesied that The stallion who mounts the world will ride to the ends of the earth, her said. the earth ends at the black salt sea, he answered at once. he wet a cloth in a basin of warm water to wipe the sweat and oil from he's skin. No horse can cross the poison water. In the Free Cities, there are ships by the thousand, her told he, as her had told he before.Wooden horses with a hundred legs, that fly across the sea on wings full of wind. Khal Drogo did not want to hear it. We will speak no more of wooden horses and iron chairs. Khal Drogo dropped the cloth and began to dress. This day Khal Drogo will go to the grass and hunt, woman wife, Khal Drogo announced as Khal Drogo shrugged into a painted vest and buckled on a wide belt with heavy medallions of silver, gold, and bronze. Yes, woman wife's sun-and-stars, woman wife said. Khal Drogo would take Khal Drogo's bloodriders and ride in search of hrakkar, the great white lion of the plains. If they returned triumphant, woman wife's joy would be fierce, and Khal Drogo might be willing to hear woman wife out. Savage beasts Khal Drogo did not fear, nor any man who had ever drawn breath, but the sea was a different matter. To the Dothraki, water that a horse could not drink was something foul; the heaving grey-green plains of the sea filled the Dothraki with superstitious loathing. Khal Drogo was a bolder man than the other horselords in half a hundred ways, woman wife had found… but not in this. If only woman wife could get Khal Drogo onto a ship…  After Khal Drogo and his bloodriders had ridden off with the khal and his bloodriders's bows, woman wife summoned woman wife's handmaids. woman wife's body felt so fat and ungainly now that woman wife welcomed the help of her handmaids's strong arms and deft hands, whereas before woman wife had often been uncomfortable with the way her handmaids fussed and fluttered about woman wife. her handmaids scrubbed woman wife's clean and dressed woman wife in sandsilk, loose and flowing.As Doreah combed out Doreah's hair, Doreah sent Jhiqui to find Ser Jorah Mormont. Ser Jorah Mormont came at once. Ser Jorah Mormont wore horsehair leggings and painted vest, like a rider. Coarse black hair covered Ser Jorah Mormont's thick chest and muscular arms. Ser Jorah Mormont's princess. How may Ser Jorah Mormont serve Doreah? Ser Jorah Mormont must talk to Doreah's lord husband, Doreah said. my lord husband says the stallion who mounts the world will have all the lands of the earth to rule, and no need to cross the poison water. my lord husband talks of leading my lord husband's khalasar east after Rhaego is born, to plunder the lands around the Jade Sea. Ser Jorah Mormont looked thoughtful. my lord husband has never seen the Seven Kingdoms, Ser Jorah Mormont said. the Seven Kingdoms are nothing to my lord husband. If my lord husband thinks of the Seven Kingdoms at all, no doubt my lord husband thinks of islands, a few small cities clinging to rocks in the manner of Lorath or Lys, surrounded by stormy seas. The riches of the east must seem a more tempting prospect.But he must ride west, Dany said, despairing. Please, help Dany make he understand. Dany had never seen the Seven Kingdoms either, no more than Drogo, yet Dany felt as though Dany knew the Seven Kingdoms from all the tales Dany's brother had told Dany. her brother had promised Dany a thousand times that her brother would take Dany back one day, but her brother was dead now and her brother's promises had died with her brother. The Dothraki do things in The Dothraki's own time, for The Dothraki's own reasons, the knight answered. Have patience, Dany. Do not make her brother's mistake. We will go home, the knight promise Dany. Home? The word made Dany feel sad. Ser Jorah had Ser Jorah's Bear Island, but what was home to Dany? A few tales, names recited as solemnly as the words of a prayer, the fading memory of a red door… was Vaes Dothrak to be Dany's home forever? When Dany looked at the crones of the dosh khaleen, was Dany looking at Dany's future? Ser Jorah must have seen the sadness on Dany's face.A great caravan arrived during the night, Khaleesi. A great caravan Illyrio may have sent a letter. Would Khaleesi care to visit the Western Market? Khaleesi stirred. Yes, Khaleesi said. Khaleesi would like visit. the Western Market came alive when a caravan had come in. You could never tell what treasures the traders might bring this time, and it would be good to hear men speaking Valyrian again, as men did in the Free Cities. Irri, have them prepare a litter. I shall tell Khaleesi's khas, I said, withdrawing. If Khal Drogo had been with Khaleesi, Khaleesi would have ridden Khaleesi's silver. Among the Dothraki, mothers stayed on horseback almost up to the moment of birth, and Khaleesi did not want to seem weak in I's eyes. But with Khal Drogo off hunting, it was pleasant to lie back on soft cushions and be carried across Vaes Dothrak, with red silk curtains to shield Khaleesi from the sun.Ser Jorah saddled up and rode beside her, with the four young men of her's khas and her's handmaids. The day was warm and cloudless, the sky a deep blue. When the wind blew, her could smell the rich scents of grass and earth. As her's litter passed beneath the stolen monuments, her went from sunlight to shadow and back again. her swayed along, studying the faces of dead heroes and forgotten kings. her wondered if the gods of burned cities could still answer prayers. If her were not the blood of the dragon, her thought wistfully, this could be her's home. her was khaleesi, her had a strong man and a swift horse, handmaids to serve her, warriors to keep her safe, an honored place in the dosh khaleen awaiting her when her grew old… and in her's womb grew a son who would one day bestride the world. That should be enough for any woman… but not for the dragon. With Viserys gone, her was the last, the very last. her was the seed of kings and conquerors, and so too a son who would one day bestride the world. her must not forget. The Western Market was a great square of beaten earth surrounded by warrens of mud-baked brick, animal pens, whitewashed drinking halls. Hummocks rose from the ground like the backs of great subterranean beasts breaking the surface, yawning black mouths leading down to cool and cavernous storerooms below.The interior of the square was a maze of stalls and crookback aisles, shaded by awnings of woven grass. A hundred merchants and traders were unloading A hundred merchants and traders's goods and setting up in stalls when A hundred merchants and traders arrived, yet even so the square seemed hushed and deserted compared to the teeming bazaars that Dany remembered from Pentos and the other Free Cities. The caravans made The caravans's way to Vaes Dothrak from east and west not so much to sell to the Dothraki as to trade with each other, Ser Jorah had explained. The riders let The caravans come and go unmolested, so long as The caravans observed the peace of Vaes Dothrak, did not profane the Mother of Mountains or the Womb of the World, and honored the crones of the dosh khaleen with the traditional gifts of salt, silver, and seed. the Dothraki did not truly comprehend this business of buying and selling. Dany liked the strangeness of the Eastern Market too, with all the Eastern Market's queer sights and sounds and smells. Dany often spent Dany's mornings there, nibbling tree eggs, locust pie, and green noodles, listening to the high ululating voices of the spellsingers, gaping at manticores in silver cages and immense grey elephants and the striped black-and-white horses of the Jogos Nhai. Dany enjoyed watching all the people too: dark solemn Asshai'i and tall pale Qartheen, the bright-eyed men of Yi Ti in monkey-tail hats, warrior maids from Bayasabhad, Shamyriana, and Kayakayanaya with iron rings in warrior maids from Bayasabhad, Shamyriana, and Kayakayanaya with iron rings in their nipples and rubies in their cheeks's nipples and rubies in warrior maids from Bayasabhad, Shamyriana, and Kayakayanaya with iron rings in their nipples and rubies in their cheeks's cheeks, even the dour and frightening Shadow Men, who covered even the dour and frightening Shadow Men, who covered their arms and legs and chests with tattoos and hid their faces behind masks's arms and legs and chests with tattoos and hid even the dour and frightening Shadow Men, who covered their arms and legs and chests with tattoos and hid their faces behind masks's faces behind masks. the Eastern Market was a place of wonder and magic for Dany. But the Western Market smelled of home. As Irri and Jhiqui helped Dany from Dany's litter, Dany sniffed, and recognized the sharp odors of garlic and pepper, scents that reminded Dany of days long gone in the alleys of Tyrosh and Myr and brought a fond smile to Dany's face. Under that Dany smelled the heady sweet perfumes of Lys. Dany saw slaves carrying bolts of intricate Myrish lace and fine wools in a dozen rich colors. Caravan guards wandered among the aisles in copper helmets and knee-length tunics of quilted yellow cotton, empty scabbards swinging from their woven leather belts.Behind one stall an armorer displayed steel breastplates worked with gold and silver in ornate patterns, and helms hammered in the shapes of fanciful beasts. Next to an armorer was a pretty young woman selling Lannisport goldwork, rings and brooches and torcs and exquisitely wrought medallions suitable for belting. A huge eunuch guarded a pretty young woman selling Lannisport goldwork, rings and brooches and torcs and exquisitely wrought medallions suitable for belting stall, mute and hairless, dressed in sweat-stained velvets and scowling at anyone who came close. Across the aisle, a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti was haggling with a Pentoshi over the price of some green dye, the monkey tail on a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti's hat swaying back and forth as a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti shook a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti's head. When I was a little girl, I loved to play in the bazaar, I told Ser Jorah as they wandered down the shady aisle between the stalls. the bazaar was so alive there, all the people shouting and laughing, so many wonderful things to look at… though they seldom had enough coin to buy anything… well, except for a sausage now and again, or honeyfingers… do they have honeyfingers in the Seven Kingdoms, the kind they bake in Tyrosh? Cakes, are they? I could not say, I. I bowed. If I would pardon I for a time, I will seek out the captain and see if the captain has letters for they. Very well. I'll help I find the captain. There is no need for I to trouble I. Ser Jorah glanced away impatiently.Enjoy the market. I will rejoin you when I's business is concluded. Curious, you thought as you watched I stride off through the throngs. you didn't see why you should not go with I. Perhaps I meant to find a woman after I met with the merchant captain. Whores frequently traveled with the caravans, you knew, and some men were queerly shy about some men's couplings. you gave a shrug. Come, you told the others. the others trailed along as you resumed you's stroll through the market. Oh, look, you exclaimed to Doreah, those are the kind of sausages you meant. you pointed to a stall where a wizened little woman was grilling meat and onions on a hot firestone. They make meat and onions with lots of garlic and hot peppers. Delighted with you's discovery, you insisted the others join you for a sausage. the others wolfed the others down giggling and grinning, though the men of you's khas sniffed at meat and onions suspiciously.They taste different than I remember, I said after I's first few bites. In Pentos, I make They with pork, I said, but all I's pigs died on the Dothraki sea. They are made of horsemeat, I, but I spice They the same. Oh. I felt disappointed, but Quaro liked Quaro's sausage so well Quaro decided to have another one, and Rakharo had to outdo Quaro and eat three more, belching loudly. I giggled. I have not laughed since I's brother the Khal Rhaggat was crowned by Drogo, said Irri. It is good to see, I. I smiled shyly. It was sweet to laugh. I felt half a girl again. They wandered for half the morning. I saw a beautiful feathered cloak from the Summer Isles, and took a beautiful feathered cloak from the Summer Isles for a gift. In return, I gave Irri a silver medallion from I's belt.That was how it was done among the Dothraki. A birdseller taught a green-and-red parrot to say a green-and-red parrot's name, and Dany laughed again, yet still refused to take a green-and-red parrot. What would Dany do with a green-and-red parrot in a khalasar? Dany did take a dozen flasks of scented oils, the perfumes of Dany's childhood; Dany had only to close Dany's eyes and sniff scented oils and Dany could see the big house with the red door once more. When Doreah looked longingly at a fertility charm at a magician's booth, Dany took that too and gave a fertility charm at a magician's booth to the handmaid, thinking that now Dany should find something for Irri and Jhiqui as well. Turning a corner, they came upon a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby's wares to the passersby. Sweet reds, a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby cried in fluent Dothraki, a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby have sweet reds, from Lys and Volantis and the Arbor. Whites from Lys, Tyroshi pear brandy, firewine, pepperwine, the pale green nectars of Myr. Smokeberry browns and Andalish sours, a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby have Smokeberry browns and Andalish sours, a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby have Smokeberry browns and Andalish sours. a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby was a small man, slender and handsome, a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby's flaxen hair curled and perfumed after the fashion of Lys. When Dany paused before a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby's stall, a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby bowed low. A taste for the khaleesi? a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby have a sweet red from Dorne, Dany, a sweet red from Dorne sings of plums and cherries and rich dark oak. A cask, a cup, a swallow?One taste, and you will name you's child after me. you smiled. your child has your child's name, but you will try you's summerwine, you said in Valyrian, Valyrian as they spoke Valyrian, Valyrian as they spoke it in the Free Cities in the Free Cities. The words felt strange on you's tongue, after so long. Just a taste, if you would be so kind. you must have taken you for Dothraki, with you's clothes and you's oiled hair and sun-browned skin. When you spoke, you gaped at you in astonishment. you, you are… Tyroshi? Can it be so? you's speech may be Tyroshi, and you's garb Dothraki, but you am of Westeros, of the Sunset Kingdoms, you told you. Doreah stepped up beside you. you have the honor to address Daenerys of the House Targaryen, Daenerys Stormborn, khaleesi of the riding men and princess of the Sunset Kingdoms. you dropped to you's knees. you, you said, bowing you's head.Rise, Dany commanded him. Dany would still like to taste that summerwine him spoke of. him bounded to him's feet. That? Dornish swill. that summerwine you spoke of is not worthy of a princess. him have a dry red from the Arbor, crisp and delectable. Please, let him give Dany a cask. Khal Drogo's visits to the Free Cities had given Khal Drogo's a taste for good wine, and Dany knew that such a noble vintage would please Khal Drogo's. him honor Dany, him, Dany murmured sweetly. The honor is him. him rummaged about in the back of him's stall and produced a cask. Burned into the wood was a cluster of grapes. The Redwyne sigil, him said, pointing, for the Arbor.There is no finer drink. Khal Drogo and I will share it together. Aggo, take it back to I's litter, if Aggo'd be so kind. The wineseller beamed as the Dothraki hefted it. The wineseller did not realize that Ser Jorah had returned until The wineseller heard Ser Jorah say, No. Ser Jorah's voice was strange, brusque. Aggo, put down it. Aggo looked at The wineseller. The wineseller gave a hesitant nod. Ser Jorah, is something wrong? I have a thirst. Open it, The wineseller. The wineseller frowned. The wine is for the khaleesi, not for the likes of Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah.Ser Jorah moved closer to the stall. If you don't open it, Ser Jorah'll crack it open with you's head. Ser Jorah carried no weapons here in the sacred city, save Ser Jorah's hands—yet his hands were enough, big, hard, dangerous, Ser Jorah's knuckles covered with coarse dark hairs. you hesitated a moment, then took up you's hammer and knocked the plug from it. Pour, Ser Jorah commanded. The four young warriors of Dany's khas arrayed The four young warriors of Dany's khas behind Ser Jorah, frowning, watching with The four young warriors of Dany's khas's dark, almond-shaped eyes. It would be a crime to drink this rich a wine without letting this rich a wine breathe. you had not put his hammer down. you reached for the whip coiled at you's belt, but Dany's stopped you with a light touch on the arm. Do as Ser Jorah says, Dany's said. People were stopping to watch. you gave Dany's a quick, sullen glance. As Dany's commands. you had to set aside his hammer to lift it.He filled two thimble-sized tasting cups, pouring so deftly He did not spill a drop. Ser Jorah lifted a cup and sniffed at the wine, frowning. Sweet, isn't the wine? He said, smiling. Can Ser Jorah smell the fruit, Ser Jorah? The perfume of the Arbor. Taste the wine, Ser Jorah, and tell He the wine isn't the finest, richest wine that's ever touched Ser Jorah's tongue. Ser Jorah offered He a cup. He taste the wine first. He He laughed. He am not worthy of the wine, Ser Jorah. And it's a poor wine merchant who drinks up a poor wine merchant who drinks up his own wares's own wares. He's smile was amiable, yet she could see the sheen of sweat on He's brow.You will drink, Dany said, cold as ice. Empty the cup, or Dany will tell them to hold You down while Ser Jorah pours the whole cask down You's throat. You shrugged, reached for the cup… and grabbed the whole cask instead, flinging the whole cask at Dany with both hands. Ser Jorah bulled into Dany, knocking Dany out of the way. the whole cask bounced off Ser Jorah's shoulder and smashed open on the ground. Dany stumbled and lost Dany's feet. No, Dany screamed, thrusting Dany's hands out to break Dany's fall… and Doreah caught Dany by the arm and wrenched Dany backward, so Dany landed on Dany's legs and not Dany's belly. You vaulted over the stall, darting between Aggo and Rakharo. Quaro reached for an arakh that was not there as You slammed Quaro aside. Quaro raced down the aisle. Dany heard the snap of Jhogo's whip, saw the leather lick out and coil around You's leg. You sprawled face first in the dirt. A dozen caravan guards had come running. With A dozen caravan guards was the master himself, Merchant Captain Byan Votyris, a diminutive Norvoshi with skin like old leather and a bristling blue mustachio that swept up to the master himself, Merchant Captain Byan Votyris, a diminutive Norvoshi with skin like old leather and a bristling blue mustachio that swept up to his ears's ears.He seemed to know what had happened without a word being spoken. Take this one away to await the pleasure of the khal, He commanded, gesturing at this one. Two guards hauled this one to this one's feet. this one's goods He gift to you as well, you, He went on. Small token of regret, that one of He would do this thing. Doreah and Jhiqui helped you back to his feet. The poisoned wine was leaking from the broken cask into the dirt. How did He know? you asked He, trembling. How? He did not know, you, not until this one refused to drink, but once He read Magister Illyrio's letter, He feared. He's dark eyes swept over the faces of the strangers in the market. Come. Best not to talk of it here.Dany was near tears as they carried Dany back. The taste in Dany's mouth was one Dany had known before: fear. For years Dany had lived in terror of Viserys, afraid of waking the dragon. This was even worse. It was not just for Dany that Dany feared now, but for Dany's baby. her baby must have sensed Dany's fright, for her baby moved restlessly inside Dany. Dany stroked the swell of Dany's belly gently, wishing Dany could reach her baby, touch her baby, soothe her baby. her baby are the blood of the dragon, her baby, Dany whispered as Dany's litter swayed along, curtains drawn tight. her baby are the blood of the dragon, and the dragon does not fear. Under the hollow hummock of earth that was Dany's home in Vaes Dothrak, Dany ordered they to leave Dany—all but Ser Jorah. Tell Dany, Dany commanded as Dany lowered Dany onto Dany's cushions. Was it the Usurper? Yes. Ser Jorah drew out a folded parchment.A letter to Viserys, from Magister Illyrio. Robert Baratheon offers lands and lordships for your death, or your's brother's. your brother's your's sob was half a laugh. Robert Baratheon does not know yet, does Robert Baratheon? Robert Baratheon owes Drogo a lordship. This time your's laugh was half a sob. your hugged your protectively. And your, your said. your? your and the child, Ser Jorah said, grim. No. Robert Baratheon cannot have the child. your would not weep, your decided.She would not shiver with fear. The Usurper has woken the dragon now, She told She… and She's eyes went to the dragon's eggs resting in the dragon's eggs resting in their nest of dark velvet's nest of dark velvet. The shifting lamplight limned the dragon's eggs resting in their nest of dark velvet's stony scales, and shimmering motes of jade and scarlet and gold swam in the air around the dragon's eggs resting in their nest of dark velvet, like courtiers around a king. Was it madness that seized She then, born of fear? Or some strange wisdom buried in She's blood? She could not have said. She heard She's own voice saying, Ser Jorah, light the brazier. She Ser Jorah looked at She strangely. It is so hot. Are She certain? She had never been so certain. Yes. She… She have a chill.Light the brazier. He bowed. As you command. When the coals were afire, you sent Ser Jorah from you. you had to be alone to do what you must do. This is madness, you told you as you lifted the black-and-scarlet egg from the velvet. the black-and-scarlet egg will only crack and burn, and the black-and-scarlet egg's so beautiful, Ser Jorah will call you a fool if you ruin the black-and-scarlet egg, and yet, and yet…  Cradling the black-and-scarlet egg with both hands, you carried the black-and-scarlet egg to the fire and pushed the black-and-scarlet egg down amongst the coals. The black scales seemed to glow as The black scales drank the heat. Flames licked against the stone with small red tongues. you placed the other two eggs beside the black-and-scarlet egg in the fire. As you stepped back from the brazier, the breath trembled in you's throat. you watched until the coals had turned to ashes. Drifting sparks floated up and out of the smokehole. Heat shimmered in waves around the dragon's eggs.And that was all. Your brother Rhaegar was the last dragon, Ser Jorah had said. Your gazed at Your's eggs sadly. What had Your expected? A thousand thousand years ago her eggs had been alive, but now her eggs were only pretty rocks. her eggs could not make a dragon. A dragon was air and fire. Living flesh, not dead stone. The brazier was cold again by the time Khal Drogo returned. Khal Drogo was leading a packhorse behind Khal Drogo, with the carcass of a great white lion slung across a packhorse's back. Above, the stars were coming out. Khal Drogo laughed as Khal Drogo swung down off Khal Drogo's stallion and showed Your the scars on Khal Drogo's leg where the hrakkar had raked Khal Drogo through Khal Drogo's leggings. Khal Drogo shall make Your a cloak of the hrakkar's skin, YourKhal Drogo's , Khal Drogo swore.When Dany told him what had happened at the market, all laughter stopped, and him grew very quiet. This poisoner was the first, Ser Jorah Mormont warned him, but This poisoner will not be the last. Men will risk much for a lordship. him was silent for a time. Finally him said, This poisoner ran from the moon of him's life. Better This poisoner should run after the moon of my life. So This poisoner will. Jhogo, Jorah the Andal, to each of Jhogo, Jorah the Andal him say, choose any horse Jhogo, Jorah the Andal wish from him's herds, and any horse you wish is Jhogo, Jorah the Andal's. Any horse save him's red and the silver that was him's bride gift to the moon of my life. him make this gift to Jhogo, Jorah the Andal for what Jhogo, Jorah the Andal did. And to Rhaego son of Drogo, the stallion who will mount the world, to Rhaego son of Drogo, the stallion who will mount the world him also pledge a gift. To Rhaego son of Drogo, the stallion who will mount the world him will give this iron chair Rhaego son of Drogo, the stallion who will mount the world's mother's father sat in. him will give Rhaego son of Drogo, the stallion who will mount the world Seven Kingdoms.I, Drogo, khal, will do this thing. I, Drogo, khal's voice rose, and I, Drogo, khal lifted I, Drogo, khal's fist to the sky. I, Drogo, khal will take I, Drogo, khal's khalasar west to where the world ends, and ride the wooden horses across the black salt water as no khal has done before. I, Drogo, khal will kill the men in the iron suits and tear down the men in the iron suits's stone houses. I, Drogo, khal will rape the men in the iron suits's women, take the men in the iron suits's children as slaves, and bring the men in the iron suits's broken gods back to Vaes Dothrak to bow down beneath the Mother of Mountains. This I, Drogo, khal vow, I, Drogo, khal. This I, Drogo, khal swear before the Mother of Mountains, as the stars look down in witness. my khalasar left Vaes Dothrak two days later, striking south and west across the plains. I, Drogo, khal led my khalasar on I, Drogo, khal's great red stallion, with Daenerys beside I, Drogo, khal on Daenerys's silver. The wineseller hurried behind them, naked, on foot, chained at throat and wrists. The wineseller's chains were fastened to the halter of her silver. As Daenerys rode, The wineseller ran after Daenerys, barefoot and stumbling. No harm would come to The wineseller… so long as The wineseller kept up.