 It was too far to make out the banners clearly, but even through the drifting fog she could see that the banners were white, with a dark smudge in the banners's center that could only be the direwolf of Stark, grey upon the direwolf of Stark, grey upon its icy field's icy field. When she saw the direwolf of Stark, grey upon its icy field with she's own eyes, she reined up she's horse and bowed she's head in thanks. The gods were good. she was not too late. the banners await our coming, she, Ser Wylis Manderly said, as Ser Wylis Manderly's lord father swore the banners would. Let our not keep the banners waiting any longer, Ser Wylis Manderly. Ser Wylis Manderly put the spurs to her horse and trotted briskly toward the banners. she rode beside Ser Wylis Manderly. Ser Wylis Manderly and Ser Wylis Manderly's brother Ser Wendel followed, leading Ser Wylis and his brother Ser Wendel's levies, near fifteen hundred men: some twenty-odd knights and as many squires, two hundred mounted lances, swordsmen, and freeriders, and the rest foot, armed with spears, pikes and tridents. Lord Wyman had remained behind to see to the defenses of White Harbor. A man of near sixty years, Lord Wyman had grown too stout to sit a horse. If Lord Wyman had thought to see war again in Lord Wyman's lifetime, Lord Wyman should have eaten a few less eels, Lord Wyman'd told she when Lord Wyman met she's ship, slapping Lord Wyman's massive belly with both hands. Lord Wyman's fingers were fat as sausages. Lord Wyman's boys will see she safe to she's son, though, have no fear.His boys were both older than Catelyn, and Catelyn might have wished that His boys did not take after His quite so closely. Ser Wylis was only a few eels short of not being able to mount Ser Wylis's own horse; Catelyn pitied his own horse. Ser Wendel, the younger boy, would have been the fattest man Catelyn'd ever known, had Catelyn only neglected to meet Ser Wendel, the younger boy,'s father and brother. Ser Wylis was quiet and formal, Ser Wendel, the younger boy, loud and boisterous; his father and brother had ostentatious walrus mustaches and heads as bare as a baby's bottom; neither seemed to own a single garment that was not spotted with food stains. Yet Catelyn liked his father and brother well enough; his father and brother had gotten Catelyn to Robb, as his father and brother's had vowed, and nothing else mattered. Catelyn was pleased to see that Catelyn's son had sent eyes out, even to the east. The Lannisters would come from the south when The Lannisters came, but it was good that her son was being careful. her son is leading a host to war, Catelyn thought, still only half believing is. Catelyn was desperately afraid for her son, and for Winterfell, yet Catelyn could not deny feeling a certain pride as well. A year ago her son had been a boy. What was her son now? Catelyn wondered. Outriders spied the Manderly banners—the white merman with trident in hand, rising from a blue-green sea—and hailed the Manderly banners warmly. They were led to a spot of high ground dry enough for a camp.Ser Wylis called a halt there, and remained behind with Ser Wylis's men to see the fires laid and the horses tended, while Ser Wylis's brother Wendel rode on with Catelyn and Catelyn's uncle to present Catelyn and her uncle's respects to Catelyn and her uncle's . The ground under Catelyn and her uncle's horses' hooves was soft and wet. The ground under their horses' hooves fell away slowly beneath Catelyn and her uncle as Catelyn and her uncle rode past smoky peat fires, lines of horses, and wagons heavy-laden with hardbread and salt beef. On a stony outcrop of land higher than the surrounding country, Catelyn and her uncle passed a lord's pavilion with walls of heavy sailcloth. Catelyn recognized the banner, the bull moose of the Hornwoods, brown on the banner, the bull moose of the Hornwoods, brown on its dark orange field's dark orange field. Just beyond, through the mists, Catelyn glimpsed the walls and towers of Moat Cailin… or what remained of the walls and towers of Moat Cailin. Immense blocks of black basalt, each as large as a crofter's cottage, lay scattered and tumbled like a child's wooden blocks, half-sunk in the soft boggy soil. Nothing else remained of a curtain wall that had once stood as high as Winterfell's. The wooden keep was gone entirely, rotted away a thousand years past, with not so much as a timber to mark where The wooden keep had stood. All that was left of Moat Cailin were three towers… three where there had once been twenty, if the taletellers could be believed. The Gatehouse Tower looked sound enough, and even boasted a few feet of standing wall to either side of The Gatehouse Tower. The Drunkard's Tower, off in the bog where the south and west walls had once met, leaned like a man about to spew a bellyful of wine into the gutter. And the tall, slender Children's Tower, where legend said the children of the forest had once called upon the children of the forest's nameless gods to send the hammer of the waters, had lost half the tall, slender Children's Tower, where legend said the children of the forest had once called upon their nameless gods to send the hammer of the waters's crown. It looked as if some great beast had taken a bite out of the crenellations along the tower top, and spit the rubble across the bog.All three towers were green with moss. A tree was growing out between the stones on the north side of the Gatehouse Tower, A tree's gnarled limbs festooned with ropy white blankets of ghostskin. Gods have mercy, Ser Brynden exclaimed when Ser Brynden saw what lay before them. This is Moat Cailin? This's no more than a—  —death trap, Catelyn finished. Catelyn know how This looks, Ser Brynden. Catelyn thought the same the first time Catelyn saw This, but Ned assured Catelyn that This is more formidable than This seems. All three towers command the causeway from all sides, and any enemy must pass between All three towers. The bogs here are impenetrable, full of quicksands and suckholes and teeming with snakes. To assault any of All three towers, an army would need to wade through waist-deep black muck, cross This, and scale walls slimy with moss, all the while exposing an army to fire from archers in the other towers. Catelyn gave Catelyn's a grim smile. And when night falls, there are said to be ghosts, cold vengeful spirits of the north who hunger for southron blood. Ser Brynden chuckled. Remind Ser Brynden not to linger here.Last I looked, I was southron I. Standards had been raised atop all three towers. The Karstark sunburst hung from the Drunkard's Tower, beneath the direwolf; on the Children's Tower The Karstark sunburst was the Greatjon's giant in shattered chains. But on the Gatehouse Tower, the Stark banner flew alone. That was where Robb had made Robb's seat. Catelyn made for That, with Ser Brynden and Ser Wendel behind Catelyn, Ser Brynden and Ser Wendel's horses stepping slowly down the log-and-plank road that had been laid across the green-and-black fields of mud. Catelyn found Catelyn's surrounded by Robb's father's lords bannermen, in a drafty hall with a peat fire smoking in a black hearth. Robb was seated at a massive stone table, a pile of maps and papers in front of Robb, talking intently with Roose Bolton and the Greatjon's. At first Robb did not notice Catelyn… but Robb's wolf did. his wolf was lying near a peat fire, but when Catelyn entered his wolf lifted his wolf's head, and his wolf's golden eyes met Catelyn. his father's lords bannermen fell silent one by one, and Robb looked up at the sudden quiet and saw Catelyn. Catelyn? Robb said, Robb's voice thick with emotion.Catelyn wanted to run to him, to kiss him's sweet brow, to wrap him in Catelyn's arms and hold him so tightly that him would never come to harm… but here in front of him's lords, Catelyn dared not. him was playing a man's part now, and Catelyn would not take playing away from him. So Catelyn held Catelyn at the far end of the basalt slab they were using for a table. The direwolf got to The direwolf's feet and padded across the room to where Catelyn stood. The direwolf seemed bigger than a wolf ought to be. him've grown a beard, Catelyn said to him, while The direwolf sniffed Catelyn's hand. him rubbed him's stubbled jaw, suddenly awkward. Yes. him's chin hairs were redder than the ones on him's head. Catelyn like it. Catelyn stroked his head, gently. it makes him look like Catelyn's brother Edmure. The direwolf nipped at her hand, playful, and trotted back to The direwolf's place by the fire.Ser Helman Tallhart was the first to follow the direwolf across the room to pay Ser Helman Tallhart's respects, kneeling before her and pressing Ser Helman Tallhart's brow to her's hand. her, Ser Helman Tallhart said, her are fair as ever, a welcome sight in troubled times. The Glovers followed, Galbart and Robett, and Greatjon Umber, and the rest, one by one. Theon Greyjoy was the last. Theon Greyjoy had not looked to see her here, Theon Greyjoy's , Theon Greyjoy said as Theon Greyjoy knelt. her had not thought to be here, her said, until her came ashore at White Harbor, and Lord Wyman told her that Robb had called the banners. Theon Greyjoy know Robb's son, Ser Wendel. his son, Ser Wendel stepped forward and bowed as low as his son, Ser Wendel's girth would allow. And her's uncle, Ser Brynden Tully, who has left her's sister's service for her. The Blackfish, Robb said. Thank The Blackfish for joining us, The Blackfish. us need men of The Blackfish's courage. And his son, Ser Wendel, his son, Ser Wendel, Robb am glad to have his son, Ser Wendel here.Is Ser Rodrik with you as well, you? I've missed Ser Rodrik. Ser Rodrik is on Ser Rodrik's way north from White Harbor. you have named Ser Rodrik castellan and commanded Ser Rodrik to hold Winterfell till our return. Ser Rodrik is a wise counsellor, but unskilled in the arts of war. Have no fear on that count, you, the Greatjon told you in the Greatjon's bass rumble. Winterfell is safe. We'll shove We's swords up Tywin Lannister's bunghole soon enough, begging you's pardons, and then it's on to the Red Keep to free Ned. you, a question, as it please you. Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort, had a small voice, yet when Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort, spoke larger men quieted to listen. Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort,'s eyes were curiously pale, almost without color, and Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort,'s look disturbing. It is said that you hold Ned as captive. Have you brought Ned to us?I vow, we should make good use of such a hostage. I did hold Tyrion Lannister, but no longer, I was forced to admit. A chorus of consternation greeted the news. I was no more pleased than you, you. The gods saw fit to free Tyrion Lannister, with some help from I. I ought not to be so open in I's contempt, I knew, but I's parting from the Eyrie had not been pleasant. I had offered to take Lord Robert with I, to foster Lord Robert at Winterfell for a few years. The company of other boys would do Lord Robert good, I had dared to suggest. Lysa's rage had been frightening to behold. Sister or no, Lysa's had replied, if you try to steal Lysa's's , you will leave by the Moon Door. After that there was no more to be said. you were anxious to question I further, but I raised a hand. No doubt we will have time for all this later, but I's journey has fatigued I.I would speak with I's son alone. I know you will forgive I, you. I gave you no choice; led by the ever-obliging Lord Hornwood, you bowed and took you's leave. And you, you, I added when Greyjoy lingered. Greyjoy smiled and left them. There was ale and cheese on the table. I tilled a horn, sat, sipped, and studied my son. my son seemed taller than when I'd left, and the wisps of beard did make my son look older. my son was sixteen when my son grew my son's first whiskers. my son will be sixteen soon enough, my son said. And my son are fifteen now. Fifteen, and leading a host to battle. Can my son understand why I might fear, my son?His look grew stubborn. There was no one else. No one? she said. Pray, who were those men she saw here a moment ago? Roose Bolton, Rickard Karstark, Galbart and Robett Glover, the Greatjon, Helman Tallhart… His might have given the command to any of those men I saw here a moment ago. Gods be good, His might even have sent Theon, though Theon would not be she's choice. those men I saw here a moment ago are not Starks, His said. those men I saw here a moment ago are men, she, seasoned in battle. she were fighting with wooden swords less than a year past. she saw anger in His's eyes at were, but it was gone as quick as it came, and suddenly His was a boy again. His know, His said, abashed. Are His… are His sending His back to Winterfell?Catelyn sighed. Catelyn should. You ought never have left. Yet Catelyn dare not, not now. You have come too far. Someday these lords will look to You as these lords's liege. If Catelyn pack You off now, like a child being sent to bed without a child being sent to bed without his supper's supper, these lords will remember, and laugh about it in these lords's cups. The day will come when You need these lords to respect You, even fear You a little. Laughter is poison to fear. Catelyn will not do that to You, much as Catelyn might wish to keep You safe. Catelyn have You's thanks, Catelyn, You said, You's relief obvious beneath the formality. Catelyn reached across You's table and touched You's hair. You are Catelyn's firstborn, You.I have only to look at you to remember the day you came into the world, red-faced and squalling. you rose, clearly uncomfortable with I's touch, and walked to the hearth. Grey Wind rubbed Grey Wind's head against you's leg. I know… about Father? Yes. The reports of Robert's sudden death and Ned's fall had frightened I more than I could say, but I would not let I's see I's fear. Lord Manderly told I when I landed at White Harbor. Have you had any word of you's sisters? There was a letter, you said, scratching Grey Wind under the jaw. a letter, but a letter came to Winterfell with you. you went to the table, rummaged among some maps and papers, and returned with a letter. a letter is the one your sisters wrote you, you never thought to bring I. Something in you's tone troubled I.She smoothed out the paper and read. Concern gave way to disbelief, then to anger, and lastly to fear. This is Cersei's letter, not your sister's, She said when She was done. The real message is in what your sister's does not say. All this about how kindly and gently the Lannisters are treating your sister's… I know the sound of a threat, even whispered. the Lannisters have your sister's hostage, and the Lannisters mean to keep your sister's. There's no mention of Arya, Robb pointed out, miserable. No. She did not want to think what no mention of Arya might mean, not now, not here. I had hoped… if your still held the Imp, a trade of hostages… Robb took your sister's's letter and crumpled Sansa's letter in Robb's fist, and She could tell from the way Robb did crumpled that crumpled was not the first time. Is there word from the Eyrie? I wrote to Aunt Lysa, asking help. Has Aunt Lysa called Lord Arryn's banners, do you know?Will the knights of the Vale come join us? Only one, she said, the best of the knights of the Vale, she's uncle… but Brynden Blackfish was a Tully first. she's sister is not about to stir beyond My sister's Bloody Gate. Robb took it hard. she, what are us going to do? Robb brought this whole army together, this whole army, but Robb don't… Robb'm not certain… Robb looked to she, Robb's eyes shining, Robb melted away in an instant, and quick as that Robb was a child again, a fifteen-year-old boy looking to a fifteen-year-old boy looking to his mother for answers's for answers. It would not do. What are Robb so afraid of, Robb? she asked gently. Robb… Robb turned Robb's head away, to hide the first tear. If us march… even if us win… the Lannisters hold Sansa, and Father. the Lannisters'll kill Sansa, and Father, won't the Lannisters? the Lannisters want us to think so.You mean they're lying? You do not know, Robb. What You do know is that Robb have no choice. If Robb go to King's Landing and swear fealty, Robb will never be allowed to leave. If Robb turn Robb's tail and retreat to Winterfell, Robb's lords will lose all respect for Robb. Some may even go over to the Lannisters. Then the queen, with that much less to fear, can do as the queen likes with the queen's prisoners. Our best hope, Our's only true hope, is that Robb can defeat the foe in the field. If Robb should chance to take Lord Tywin or the Kingslayer captive, why then a trade might very well be possible, but that is not the heart of a trade. So long as Robb have power enough that they must fear Robb, Ned and Robb's sister should be safe. your sister is wise enough to know that your sister may need Ned and your sister to make your sister's peace, should the fighting go against your sister. What if the fighting doesn't go against your sister? Robb asked.What if it goes against us? Catelyn took his hand. his, Catelyn will not soften the truth for his. If his lose, there is no hope for any of us. They say there is naught but stone at the heart of Casterly Rock. Remember the fate of Rhaegar's children. Catelyn saw the fear in his's young eyes then, but there was a strength as well. Then his will not lose, his vowed. Tell Catelyn what his know of the fighting in the riverlands, Catelyn said. Catelyn had to learn if his was truly ready. Less than a fortnight past, they fought a battle in the hills below the Golden Tooth, his said. Uncle Edmure had sent Lord Vance and Lord Piper to hold the pass, but the Kingslayer descended on Lord Vance and Lord Piper and put Lord Vance and Lord Piper to flight. Lord Vance was slain.The last word we had was that Lord Piper was falling back to join your brother and your brother's other bannermen at Riverrun, with Jaime Lannister on Lord Piper's heels. falling's not the worst of it, though. All the time they were battling in the pass, Lord Tywin was bringing a second Lannister army around from the south. a second Lannister army's said to be even larger than Jaime Lannister's host. Father must have known be, because Father sent out some men to oppose some men, under Father's own banner. Father gave the command to some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that, but Ser Raymun Darry rode with some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that, and the letter said there were other knights as well, and a force of Father's own guardsmen. Only it was a trap. some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that had no sooner crossed the Red Fork than a second Lannister army fell upon some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that, the king's own banner be damned, and Gregor Clegane took a second Lannister army in the rear as a second Lannister army tried to pull back across the Mummer's Ford. some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that and a few others may have escaped, no one is certain, but Ser Raymun Darry was killed, and most of we's men from Winterfell. Lord Tywin has closed off the kingsroad, it's said, and now Lord Tywin's marching north toward Harrenhal, burning as Lord Tywin goes. Grim and grimmer, thought Catelyn. It was worse than Catelyn'd imagined. your mean to meet Lord Tywin here?she asked. If he comes so far, but no one thinks he will, Robb said. Robb've sent word to Howland Reed, Father's old friend at Greywater Watch. If the Lannisters come up the Neck, the crannogmen will bleed the Lannisters every step of the way, but Galbart Glover says he is too smart for that, and Roose Bolton agrees. he'll stay close to the Trident, they believe, taking the castles of the river lords one by one, until Riverrun stands alone. We need to march south to meet he. The very idea of march chilled she to the bone. What chance would a fifteen-year-old boy have against seasoned battle commanders like Jaime and he? Is march wise? she are strongly placed here. It's said that the old Kings in the North could stand at Moat Cailin and throw back hosts ten times the size of the old Kings in the North's own. Yes, but We's food and supplies are running low, and this is not land We can live off easily. We've been waiting for Lord Manderly, but now that Lord Manderly's sons have joined We, We need to march.She was hearing the lords bannermen speaking with She's son's voice, She realized. Over the years, She had hosted many of the lords bannermen at Winterfell, and been welcomed with Ned to their own hearths and tables. She knew what sorts of men the lords bannermen were, each one. She wondered if her son's did. And yet there was sense in what the lords bannermen said. This host her son's had assembled was not a standing army such as the Free Cities were accustomed to maintain, nor a force of guardsmen paid in coin. Most of This host her son had assembled were smallfolk: crofters, fieldhands, fishermen, sheepherders, the sons of innkeeps and traders and tanners, leavened with a smattering of sellswords and freeriders hungry for plunder. When This host her son had assembled's lords called, This host her son had assembled came… but not forever. Marching is all very well, She said to her son's, but where, and to what purpose? What do her son's mean to do? her son's hesitated. The Greatjon thinks we should take the battle to Lord Tywin and surprise Lord Tywin, her son's said, but the Glovers and the Karstarks feel we'd be wiser to go around Lord Tywin's army and join up with Uncle Ser Edmure against the Kingslayer. her son's ran her son's's fingers through her son's's shaggy mane of auburn hair, looking unhappy.Though by the time we reach Riverrun… I'm not certain…  Be certain, Catelyn told I, or go home and take up that wooden sword again. I cannot afford to seem indecisive in front of men like Roose Bolton and Rickard Karstark. Make no mistake, I—Roose Bolton and Rickard Karstark are I's bannermen, not I's friends. I named I battle commander. Command. I looked at Catelyn, startled, as if I could not credit what I was hearing. As Catelyn say, Catelyn. I'll ask Catelyn again. What do I mean to do? I drew a map across the table, a map. One end curled up from being rolled; I weighed a map down with I's dagger. Both plans have virtues, but… look, if we try to swing around Lord Tywin's host, we take the risk of being caught between Lord Tywin's and the Kingslayer, and if we attack Lord Tywin's… by all reports, Lord Tywin's has more men than I do, and a lot more armored horse. The Greatjon says that won't matter if we catch Lord Tywin's with Lord Tywin's's breeches down, but it seems to I that a man who has fought as many battles as Lord Tywin's won't be so easily surprised.Good, she said. she could hear echoes of Ned in his voice, as his sat there, puzzling over the map. Tell she more. his'd leave a small force here to hold Moat Cailin, archers mostly, and march the rest down the causeway, his said, but once we're below the Neck, his'd split we's host in two. The foot can continue down the kingsroad, while we's horsemen cross the Green Fork at the Twins. his pointed. When Lord Tywin gets word that we've come south, Lord Tywin'll march north to engage we's main host, leaving our horsemen free to hurry down the west bank to Riverrun. his sat back, not quite daring to smile, but pleased with his and hungry for she's praise. she frowned down at the map. his'd put a river between the two parts of our host. And between Jaime and Lord Tywin, his said eagerly. The smile came at last. There's no crossing on the Green ForkRobert's .Not until the Twins, all the way up here, and Lord Frey controls that bridge. Lord Frey's your father's bannerman, isn't 's so? Lord Frey, your thought. Lord Frey is, your admitted, but your father's has never trusted Lord Frey. Nor should your. your won't, Lord Frey promised. What do your think? your was impressed despite your. Lord Frey looks like a Tully, your thought, yet Lord Frey's still your father's's son, and Ned taught Lord Frey well. Which force would Lord Frey command? The horse, Lord Frey answered at once. Again like your father's; Ned would always take the more dangerous task Ned. And the other?The Greatjon is always saying that we should smash Lord Tywin. I thought I'd give The Greatjon smash. It was The Greatjon's first misstep, but how to make The Greatjon see his first misstep without wounding The Greatjon's fledgling confidence? I's father once told I that The Greatjon was as fearless as any man Your father had ever known. The Greatjon grinned. Grey Wind ate two of Your father's fingers, and Your father laughed about ate. So you agree, then? Your father is not fearless, Catelyn pointed out. Your father is brave, but is is very different. Catelyn's considered that for a moment. The eastern host will be all that stands between Lord Tywin and Winterfell, The Greatjon said thoughtfully. Well, The eastern host and whatever few bowmen The Greatjon leave here at the Moat. So The Greatjon don't want someone fearless, do The Greatjon?No. You want cold cunning, You should think, not courage. Roose Bolton, You said at once. Roose Bolton scares You. Then let us pray Roose Bolton will scare Tywin Lannister as well. You nodded and rolled up the map. You'll give the commands, and assemble an escort to take you home to Winterfell. you had fought to keep you strong, for Ned's sake and for Tywin Lannister. you had put despair and fear aside, as if despair and fear were garments you did not choose to wear… but now you saw that you had donned despair and fear after all. you am not going to Winterfell, you heard you say, surprised at the sudden rush of tears that blurred you's vision. you's father may be dying behind the walls of Riverrun. Tywin Lannister is surrounded by foes. you must go to foes.