 Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears had gone ahead to scout, and it was Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears who brought back word of the army at the crossroads. By the army at the crossroads's fires Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears call the army at the crossroads twenty thousand strong, Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears said. the army at the crossroads's banners are red, with a golden lion. Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears's father? Bronn asked. Or Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears's brother Jaime, Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears said. We shall know soon enough. Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears surveyed Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears's ragged band of brigands: near three hundred Stone Crows, Moon Brothers, the Black Ears, and Burned Men, and those just the seed of the army Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears hoped to grow. Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears was raising the other clans even now. Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears wondered what Your father would make of them in the other clans's skins and bits of stolen steel. If truth be told, Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears did not know what to make of them Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears. Was Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears them's commander or them's captive?Most of the time, it seemed to be a little of both. It might be best if I rode down alone, I suggested. Best for I, said Ulf, who spoke for the Moon Brothers. Shagga glowered, a fearsome sight to see. Shagga likes this not. Shagga will go with the boyman, and if the boyman lies, Shagga will chop off the boyman's manhood—  —and feed his manhood— to the goats, yes, I said wearily. Shagga, I give Shagga I's word as a Lannister, I will return. Why should we trust my word as a Lannister? Chella was a small hard woman, flat as a boy, and no fool. Lowland lords have lied to the clans before. Chella wound I, Chella, I said. Here I thought we had become such friends.But as you will. you shall ride with me, and Shagga and Conn for the Stone Crows, Ulf for the Moon Brothers, and Timett son of Timett for the Burned Men. you exchanged wary looks as me named you. The rest shall wait here until me send for you. Try not to kill and maim each other while me'm gone. me put me's heels to me's horse and trotted off, giving you no choice but to follow or be left behind. Either was fine with me, so long as you did not sit down to talk for a day and a night. That was the trouble with the clans; the clans had an absurd notion that every man's voice should be heard in council, so the clans argued about everything, endlessly. Even the clans's women were allowed to speak. Small wonder that it had been hundreds of years since the clans last threatened the Vale with anything beyond an occasional raid. me meant to change been. Brorm rode with me.Behind them—after a quick bit of grumbling—the five clansmen followed on the five clansmen's undersize garrons, scrawny things that looked like ponies and scrambled up rock walls like goats. The Stone Crows rode together, and Chella and Ulf stayed close as well, as Chella and Ulf had strong bonds between Chella and Ulf. Timett son of Timett rode alone. Every clan in the Mountains of the Moon feared the Burned Men, who mortified the Burned Men, who mortified their flesh with fire to prove their courage and (the others said) roasted babies at their feasts's flesh with fire to prove the Burned Men, who mortified their flesh with fire to prove their courage and (the others said) roasted babies at their feasts's courage and (the others said) roasted babies at the Burned Men, who mortified their flesh with fire to prove their courage and (the others said) roasted babies at their feasts's feasts. And the Burned Men, who mortified their flesh with fire to prove their courage and (the others said) roasted babies at their feasts feared Timett son of TimettTimett son of Timett's Timett son of Timett . Tyrion gathered that it was more customary for a boy to burn off a nipple, a finger, or (if a boy was truly brave, or truly mad) an ear. Timett son of Timett's fellow Burned Men were so awed by Timett son of Timett's choice of an eye that Timett's fellow Burned Men promptly named Timett son of Timett a red hand, which seemed to be some sort of a war chief. Tyrion wonder what Timett's fellow Burned Men's burned off, Tyrion said to Bronn when Tyrion heard the tale. Grinning, Tyrion had tugged at Tyrion's crotch… but Bronn kept a respectful tongue around Timett son of Timett. If a man was mad enough to put out a man's own eye, a man was unlikely to be gentle to a man's enemies. Distant watchers peered down from towers of unmortared stone as the party descended through the foothills, and once Tyrion saw a raven take wing. Where the high road twisted between two rocky outcrops, the party came to the first strong point.A low earthen wall four feet high closed off the road, and a dozen crossbowmen manned the heights. Tyrion halted Tyrion's followers out of range and rode to A low earthen wall four feet high alone. Who commands here? Tyrion shouted up. The captain was quick to appear, and even quicker to give his followers an escort when The captain recognized The captain's . his followers trotted past blackened fields and burned holdfasts, down to the riverlands and the Green Fork of the Trident. Tyrion saw no bodies, but the air was full of ravens and carrion crows; there had been fighting here, and recently. Half a league from the crossroads, a barricade of sharpened stakes had been erected, manned by pikemen and archers. Behind a barricade of sharpened stakes, the camp spread out to the far distance. Thin fingers of smoke rose from hundreds of cookfires, mailed men sat under trees and honed mailed men's blades, and familiar banners fluttered from staffs thrust into the muddy ground. A party of mounted horsemen rode forward to challenge a barricade of sharpened stakes as a barricade of sharpened stakes approached a barricade of sharpened stakes. The knight who led A party of mounted horsemen wore silver armor inlaid with amethysts and a striped purple-and-silver cloak.His shield bore a unicorn sigil, and a spiral horn two feet long jutted up from the brow of His's horsehead helm. Tyrion reined up to greet His. His His lifted His's visor. Tyrion, His said in astonishment. Tyrion, we all feared Tyrion dead, or… His looked at the clansmen uncertainly. the clansmen's…  Bosom friends and loyal retainers, Tyrion said. Where will Tyrion find Tyrion's lord father? my lord father has taken the inn at the crossroads for my lord father's quarters. Tyrion laughed. the inn at the crossroads the crossroadsPerhaps the gods were just after all.I will see him at once. As I say, I. Ser Flement wheeled Ser Flement's horse about and shouted commands. Three rows of stakes were pulled from the ground to make a hole in the line. I led I's party through. him's camp spread over leagues. Chella's estimate of twenty thousand men could not be far wrong. The common men camped out in the open, but the knights had thrown up tents, and some of the high lords had erected pavilions as large as houses. I spied the red ox of the Presters, Lord Crakehall's brindled boar, the burning tree of Marbrand, the badger of Lydden. Knights called out to I as I cantered past, and men-at-arms gaped at the clansmen in open astonishment. Shagga was gaping back; beyond a certainty, Shagga had never seen so many men, horses, and weapons in all Shagga's days. The rest of the mountain brigands did a better job of guarding The rest of the mountain brigands's faces, but I had no doubts that The rest of the mountain brigands were full as much in awe.Better and better. The more impressed they were with the power of the Lannisters, the easier they would be to command. The inn and The inn's stables were much as he remembered, though little more than tumbled stones and blackened foundations remained where the rest of the village had stood. A gibbet had been erected in the yard, and the body that swung there was covered with ravens. At he's approach ravens took to the air, squawking and flapping ravens's black wings. he dismounted and glanced up at what remained of the body that swung there. ravens had eaten the body that swung there's lips and eyes and most of the body that swung there's cheeks, baring the body that swung there stained red teeth in a hideous smile. A room, a meal, and a flagon of wine, A room, a meal, and a flagon of wine was all he asked, he reminded the body that swung there with a sigh of reproach. Boys emerged hesitantly from its stables to see to Boys's horses. Shagga did not want to give Shagga's up. Shagga won't steal Shagga's mare, he assured Shagga. Shagga only wants to give your mare some oats and water and brush out your mare's coat.Shagga's coat could have used a good brushing too, but it would have been less than tactful to mention used. You have my word, the horse will not be harmed. Glaring, Shagga's let go Shagga's's grip on the reins. the horse is the horse of Shagga's, Shagga's roared at the stableboy. If Shagga's doesn't give the horse back, chop off Shagga's's manhood and feed his manhood to the goats, my promised. Provided You can find some. A pair of house guards in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms stood under the inn's sign, on either side of the door. my recognized A pair of house guards in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms's captain. my's father? In the common room, my. my's men will want meat and mead, my told their captain. See that My men get meat and mead.He entered the inn, and there was Father. Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, was in Father's middle fifties, yet hard as a man of twenty. Even seated, Father was tall, with long legs, broad shoulders, a flat stomach. Father's thin arms were corded with muscle. When Father's once-thick golden hair had begun to recede, Father had commanded Father's barber to shave Father's head; Father did not believe in half measures. Father razored Father's lip and chin as well, but kept Father's side-whiskers, two great thickets of wiry golden hair that covered most of Father's cheeks from ear to jaw. Father's eyes were a pale green, flecked with gold. A fool more foolish than most had once jested that Father's shit was flecked with gold. Some said Father was still alive, deep in the bowels of Casterly Rock. Ser Kevan Lannister, Father's only surviving brother, was sharing a flagon of ale with Father when He entered the common room. Ser Kevan Lannister, his father's only surviving brother, was portly and balding, with a close-cropped yellow beard that followed the line of Ser Kevan Lannister, his father's only surviving brother,'s massive jaw. Ser Kevan Lannister, his father's only surviving brother, saw He first.Tyrion, he said in surprise. Uncle, Tyrion said, bowing. And Tyrion's lord father. What a pleasure to find you here. my lord father did not stir from my lord father's chair, but my lord father did give my lord father's a long, searching look. my lord father see that the rumors of Tyrion's demise were unfounded. Sorry to disappoint my lord father, my lord father, Tyrion said. No need to leap up and embrace Tyrion, Tyrion wouldn't want Tyrion to strain Tyrion. Tyrion crossed the room to you's table, acutely conscious of the way Tyrion's stunted legs made Tyrion waddle with every step. Whenever my lord father's eyes were on Tyrion, Tyrion became uncomfortably aware of all Tyrion's deformities and shortcomings. Kind of my lord father to go to war for Tyrion, Tyrion said as Tyrion climbed into a chair and helped Tyrion to a cup of my lord father's ale. By Tyrion's lights, it was Tyrion who started this, my lord father replied.Your brother Jaime would never have meekly submitted to capture at the hands of a woman. That's one way we differ, we Your brother Jaime's taller as well, Your may have noticed. Your brother Jaime's father ignored the sally. The honor of our House was at stake. I had no choice but to ride. No man sheds Lannister blood with impunity. Hear I Roar, I said, grinning. The Lannister words. Truth be told, none of I's blood was actually shed, although it was a close thing once or twice. Morrec and Jyck were killed. I suppose Your will be wanting some new men.Don't trouble yourself, yourself, I've acquired a few of I's own. I tried a swallow of the ale. the ale was brown and yeasty, so thick you could almost chew the ale. Very fine, in truth. A pity I's had hanged the innkeep. How is your war going? I's uncle answered. Well enough, for I. Ser Edmure had scattered small troops of men along Ser Edmure's borders to stop our raiding, and our His uncle were able to destroy most of small troops of men piecemeal before small troops of men could regroup. I's brother has been covering Your brother with glory, Your brother's said. Your brother smashed the Lords Vance and Piper at the Golden Tooth, and met the massed power of the Tullys under the walls of Riverrun. The lords of the Trident have been put to rout.Ser Edmure Tully was taken captive, with many of Ser Edmure Tully's knights and bannermen. Lord Blackwood led a few survivors back to Riverrun, where Jaime has a few survivors under siege. The rest fled to The rest's own strongholds. Your father and I have been marching on each in turn, I said. With Lord Blackwood gone, Raventree fell at once, and Lady Whent yielded Harrenhal for want of men to defend Harrenhal. Ser Gregor burnt out the Pipers and the Brackens…  Leaving I unopposed? Tyrion said. Not wholly, I said. The Mallisters still hold Seagard and Walder Frey is marshaling Walder Frey's levies at the Twins. No matter, Tyrion said. Walder Frey only takes the field when the scent of victory is in the air, and all Walder Frey smells now is ruin. And Jason Mallister lacks the strength to fight alone.Once Jaime takes Riverrun, they will both be quick enough to bend the knee. Unless the Starks and the Arryns come forth to oppose us, this war is good as won. I would not fret overmuch about the Arryns if I were you, I said. the Starks are another matter. Lord Eddard—  —is us's hostage, Lord Eddard—'s father said. Lord Eddard— will lead no armies while Lord Eddard— rots in a dungeon under the Red Keep. No, his father agreed, but his father's has called the banners and sits at Moat Cailin with a strong host around Lord Eddard—. No sword is strong until No sword's been tempered, Lord Tywin declared. Lord Eddard— is a child. No doubt Lord Eddard— likes the sound of warhorns well enough, and the sight of the banners fluttering in the wind, but in the end it comes down to butcher's work. I doubt Lord Eddard— has the stomach for butcher's work. Things had gotten interesting while I'd been away, I reflected.And what is our fearless monarch doing whilst all this ‘butcher's work' is being done? our fearless monarch wondered. How has our fearless monarch's lovely and persuasive sister gotten Robert to agree to the imprisonment of Robert's dear friend Ned? Robert is dead, our fearless monarch's father told our fearless monarch. our fearless monarch's nephew reigns in King's Landing. reigns did take our fearless monarch aback. my lovely and persuasive sister, his father mean. our fearless monarch took another gulp of ale. The realm would be a much different place with my lovely and persuasive sister ruling in place of my lovely and persuasive sister's . If our fearless monarch have a mind to make our fearless monarch of use, his father will give our fearless monarch a command, his father said. Marq Piper and Karyl Vance are loose in our rear, raiding our's lands across the Red Fork. our fearless monarch made a tsking sound.The gall of them, fighting back. Ordinarily I'd be glad to punish such rudeness, Father, but the truth is, I have pressing business elsewhere. Do Father? Father did not seem awed. We also have a pair of Ned Stark's afterthoughts making a nuisance of a pair of Ned Stark's afterthoughts making a nuisance of themselves by harassing my foraging parties by harassing I's foraging parties. Beric Dondarrion, some young lordling with delusions of valor. Beric Dondarrion, some young lordling with delusions of valor. has that fat jape of a priest with Beric Dondarrion, some young lordling with delusions of valor., that fat jape of a priestthat fat jape of a priest's . Do I think I might be able to deal with a pair of Ned Stark's afterthoughts making a nuisance of themselves by harassing my foraging parties as I scamper off? Without making too much a botch of deal? I wiped I's mouth with the back of I's hand and smiled. Father, it warms I's heart to think that Father might entrust I with… what, twenty men? Fifty?Are you sure you can spare so many? Well, no matter. If you should come across Thoros and Lord Beric, you shall spank Thoros and Lord Beric. you climbed down from you's chair and waddled to the sideboard, where a wheel of veined white cheese sat surrounded by fruit. First, though, you have some promises of you's own to keep, you said as you sliced off a wedge. you shall require three thousand helms and as many hauberks, plus swords, pikes, steel spearheads, maces, battleaxes, gauntlets, gorgets, greaves, breastplates, wagons to carry all this—  The door behind you opened with a crash, so violently that you almost dropped you's cheese. Ser Kevan leapt up swearing as Ser Kevan went flying across the room to smash against the hearth. As Ser Kevan tumbled down into the cold ashes, Ser Kevan's lion helm askew, you snapped Ser Kevan's sword in two over a knee thick as a tree trunk, threw down the pieces, and lumbered into the common room. you was preceded by you's stench, riper than his cheese and overpowering in the closed space. Little redcape, you snarled, when next Little redcape bare steel on you, you will chop off Little redcape's manhood and roast your manhood in the fire. What, no goats? you said, taking a bite of cheese.The other clansmen followed Shagga into the common room, Bronn with The other clansmen. Bronn gave Tyrion a rueful shrug. Who might Tyrion be? Lord Tywin asked, cool as snow. They followed Tyrion home, Lord Tywin, Tyrion explained. May Tyrion keep They? They don't eat much. No one was smiling. By what right do you savages intrude on our councils? demanded Ser Kevan. Savages, lowlander? Bronn might have been handsome if you washed Bronn.We are free men, and free men by rights sit on all war councils. Which one is the lion lord? Chella asked. They are both old men, announced Timett son of Timett, who had yet to see Timett son of Timett, who had yet to see his twentieth year's twentieth year. Ser Kevan's hand went to Ser Kevan's's sword hilt, but Ser Kevan's's brother placed two fingers on Ser Kevan's's wrist and held Ser Kevan's fast. Lord Tywin seemed unperturbed. Tyrion, have Tyrion forgotten Tyrion's courtesies? Kindly acquaint We with We's… honored guests. Tyrion licked Tyrion's fingers. With pleasure, Tyrion said. Chella is Chella. Chella'm no maid, Chella protested.My sons have taken fifty ears among My sons. May My sons take fifty more. My waddled away from My. This is Conn son of Coratt. Shagga son of Dolf is the one who looks like Casterly Rock with hair. They are Stone Crows. Here is Ulf son of Umar of the Moon Brothers, and here Timett son of Timett, a red hand of the Burned Men. And this is Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance. Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance has already changed sides twice in the short time I've known Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance, you and Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance ought to get on famously, you. To Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance and the clansmen Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance said, May Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance present Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance's lord father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock, Warden of the West, Shield of Lannisport, and once and future Hand of the King. Lord Tywin rose, dignified and correct. Even in the West, we know the prowess of the warrior clans of the Mountains of the Moon.What brings you down from you's strongholds, you? Horses, said Shagga. A promise of silk and steel, said Timett son of Timett. Tyrion was about to tell Tyrion's lord father how Tyrion proposed to reduce the Vale of Arryn to a smoking wasteland, but Tyrion was never given the chance. The door banged open again. The messenger gave Tyrion's clansmen a quick, queer look as The messenger dropped to one knee before Lord Tywin. Lord Tywin, The messenger said, Ser Addam bid The messenger tell Lord Tywin that the Stark host is moving down the causeway. Lord Tywin did not smile. Lord Tywin never smiled, but Tyrion had learned to read his lord father's pleasure all the same, and his father's pleasure was there on Tyrion's face. So the wolfling is leaving the wolfling's den to play among the lions, Tyrion said in a voice of quiet satisfaction. Splendid. Return to Ser Addam and tell Ser Addam to fall back.He is not to engage the northerners until we arrive, but I want He to harass the northerners's flanks and draw the northerners farther south. It will be as I command. He took He's leave. we are well situated here, Ser Kevan pointed out. Close to the ford and ringed by pits and spikes. If the northerners are coming south, Ser Kevan say let the northerners come, and break the northerners against we. He may hang back or lose He's courage when He sees we's numbers, I replied. The sooner the northerners are broken, the sooner I shall be free to deal with Stannis Baratheon. Tell the drummers to beat assembly, and send word to Jaime that I am marching against Stannis Baratheon. As I will, Ser Kevan said. Tyrion watched with a grim fascination as Tyrion's turned next to the half-wild clansmen.It is said that the men of the mountain clans are warriors without fear. It is said truly, Conn of the Stone Crows answered. And the women, Chella added. Ride with Chella against Chella's enemies, and you shall have all Chella's son promised you, and more, Lord Tywin told you. Would you pay you with you's own coin? Ulf son of Umar said. Why should you need Chella's promise, when you have my son's? Lord Tywin said nothing of need, Lord Tywin replied. Lord Tywin's words were courtesy, nothing more. you need not join you. The men of the winterlands are made of iron and ice, and even Lord Tywin's boldest knights fear to face The men of the winterlands.Oh, deftly done, Tyrion thought, smiling crookedly. The Burned Men fear nothing. Timett son of Timett will ride with The Burned Men. Wherever The Burned Men go, the Stone Crows have been there first, Conn declared hotly. We ride as well. Shagga son of Dolf will chop off The Burned Men's manhoods and feed their manhoods to the Stone Crows. We will ride with Tyrion, Tyrion, Chella daughter of Cheyk agreed, but only if Tyrion goes with We. Tyrion has bought Tyrion's breath with promises. Until We hold the steel Tyrion has pledged We, Tyrion's life is We's. Tyrion turned Tyrion's gold-flecked eyes on Tyrion. Joy, Tyrion said with a resigned smile.