  The walls of the throne room had been stripped bare, the hunting tapestries that King Robert loved taken down and stacked in the corner in an untidy heap. Ser Mandon Moore went to take Ser Mandon Moore's place under the throne beside two of Ser Mandon Moore's fellows of the Kingsguard. Sansa hovered by the door, for once unguarded. The queen had given Sansa's freedom of the castle as a reward for being good, yet even so, Sansa was escorted everywhere Sansa went. Honor guards for The queen's , The queen called Honor guards for my daughter-to-be, but Honor guards for my daughter-to-be did not make Sansa feel honored. Freedom of the castle meant that Sansa could go wherever Sansa chose within the castle so long as Sansa promised not to go beyond The walls of the throne room, promised. Sansa couldn't have gone beyond The walls of the throne room anyway. The walls of the throne room were watched day and night by Janos Slynt's gold cloaks, and Lannister house guards were always about as well. Besides, even if Sansa could leave the castle, where would Sansa go? It was enough that Sansa could walk in the yard, pick flowers in Myrcella's garden, and visit the sept to pray for King Robert. Sometimes Sansa prayed in the godswood as well, since the Starks kept the old gods.This was the first court session of Joffrey's reign, so Sansa looked about nervously. A line of Lannister house guards stood beneath the western windows, a line of gold-cloaked City Watchmen beneath the east. Of smallfolk and commoners, Sansa saw no sign, but under the gallery a cluster of lords great and small milled restlessly. There were no more than twenty, where a hundred had been accustomed to wait upon King Robert. Sansa slipped in among a cluster of lords great and small, murmuring greetings as Sansa worked Sansa's way toward the front. Sansa recognized black-skinned Jalabhar Xho, gloomy Ser Aron Santagar, the Redwyne twins Horror and Slobber… only none of them seemed to recognize Sansa. Or if them did, them shied away as if Sansa had the grey plague. Sickly Lord Gyles covered Sickly Lord Gyles's face at Sansa's approach and feigned a fit of coughing, and when funny drunken Ser Dontos started to hail Sansa, Ser Balon Swann whispered in funny drunken Ser Dontos's ear and funny drunken Ser Dontos turned away. And so many others were missing. Where had the rest of them gone? Sansa wondered.Vainly, she searched for friendly faces. Not one of friendly faces would meet she's eyes. It was as if she had become a ghost, dead before she's time. Grand Maester Pycelle was seated alone at the council table, seemingly asleep, Grand Maester Pycelle's hands clasped together atop Grand Maester Pycelle's beard. she saw Lord Varys hurry into the hall, Lord Varys's feet making no sound. A moment later Lord Baelish entered through the tall doors in the rear, smiling. Lord Baelish chatted amiably with Ser Balon and Ser Dontos as Lord Baelish made Lord Baelish's way to the front. Butterflies fluttered nervously in she's stomach. she shouldn't be afraid, she told she. she have nothing to be afraid of, it will all come out well, Joff loves she and the queen does too, she said so. A herald's voice rang out.All hail His Grace, Joffrey of the Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the First of His's Name, King of the Andals, the Rhoynar, and the First Men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. All hail His's lady mother, Cersei of House Lannister, Queen Regent, Light of the West, and Protector of the Realm. Ser Barristan Selmy, resplendent in white plate, led them in. Ser Arys Oakheart escorted his lady mother, Cersei of House Lannister, Queen Regent, Light of the West, and Protector of the Realm, while Ser Boros Blount walked beside His, so six of the Kingsguard were now in the hall, all the White Swords save Jaime Lannister alone. his lady mother, Cersei of House Lannister, Queen Regent, Light of the West, and Protector of the Realm's prince—no, his lady mother, Cersei of House Lannister, Queen Regent, Light of the West, and Protector of the Realm's king now!—took the steps of the Iron Throne two at a time, while his lady mother, Cersei of House Lannister, Queen Regent, Light of the West, and Protector of the Realm was seated with the council. His wore plush black velvets slashed with crimson, a shimmering cloth-of-gold cape with a high collar, and on His's head a golden crown crusted with rubies and black diamonds. When His turned to look out over the hall, His's eye caught Sansa's. His smiled, seated His, and spoke. It is a king's duty to punish the disloyal and reward those who are true. Grand Maester Pycelle, His command Grand Maester Pycelle to read His's decrees. Grand Maester Pycelle pushed Grand Maester Pycelle to Grand Maester Pycelle's feet.He was clad in a magnificent robe of thick red velvet, with an ermine collar and shiny gold fastenings. From a drooping sleeve, heavy with gilded scrollwork, He drew a parchment, unrolled a parchment, and began to read a long list of names, commanding each in the name of king and council to present each and swear each's fealty to Joffrey. Failing that, each would be adjudged traitors, each's lands and titles forfeit to the throne. a long list of names made Sansa hold Sansa's breath. Lord Stannis Baratheon, Lord Stannis Baratheon's lady wife, Lord Stannis Baratheon's daughter. Lord Renly Baratheon. Both Lord Royces and Both Lord Royces's sons. Ser Loras Tyrell. Lord Mace Tyrell, Lord Mace Tyrell's brothers, uncles, sons. The red priest, Thoros of Myr. Lord Beric Dondarrion.Lady Lysa Arryn and Lady Lysa Arryn's son, the little Lord Robert. Lord Hoster Tully, Lord Hoster Tully's brother Ser Brynden, his brother Ser Brynden's son Ser Edmure. Lord Jason Mallister. Lord Bryce Caron of the Marches. Lord Tytos Blackwood. Lord Walder Frey and Lord Walder Frey's heir Ser Stevron. Lord Karyl Vance. Lord Jonos Bracken. Lady Sheila Whent. Doran Martell, Prince of Dorne, and all Doran Martell, Prince of Dorne's sons. So many, Lady Sheila Whent. thought as Pycelle read on and on, it will take a whole flock of ravens to send out these commands.And at the end, near last, came the names Sansa had been dreading. Lady Catelyn Stark. Robb Stark. Brandon Stark, Rickon Stark, Arya Stark. Sansa stifled a gasp. Arya Stark They wanted Arya Stark to present Arya Stark and swear an oath… it must mean Arya Stark had fled on the galley, Arya Stark must be safe at Winterfell by now…  Grand Maester Pycelle rolled up the list, tucked the list up Grand Maester Pycelle's left sleeve, and pulled another parchment from Grand Maester Pycelle's right. Grand Maester Pycelle cleared Grand Maester Pycelle's throat and resumed. In the place of the traitor Eddard Stark, it is the wish of the traitor Eddard Stark's Grace that Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, take up the office of Hand of the traitor Eddard Stark, to speak with Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West's voice, lead Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West's armies against Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West's enemies, and carry out Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West's royal will. So the traitor Eddard Stark has decreed. The small council consents.In the place of the traitor Stannis Baratheon, it is the wish of the traitor Stannis Baratheon's Grace that the traitor Stannis Baratheon's lady mother, the Queen Regent Cersei Lannister, who has ever been the traitor Stannis Baratheon's staunchest support, be seated upon the traitor Stannis Baratheon's small council, that his lady mother, the Queen Regent Cersei Lannister, who has ever been his staunchest support may help the traitor Stannis Baratheon rule wisely and with justice. So the traitor Stannis Baratheon has decreed. his small council consents. Sansa heard a soft murmuring from the lords around Sansa, but a soft murmuring from the lords around her was quickly stilled. Pycelle continued. It is also the wish of His Grace that the traitor Stannis Baratheon's loyal servant, Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch of the traitor Stannis Baratheon's Landing, be at once raised to the rank of lord and granted the ancient seat of Harrenhal with all the ancient seat of Harrenhal's attendant lands and incomes, and that the traitor Stannis Baratheon's sons and grandsons shall hold these honors after the traitor Stannis Baratheon until the end of time. It is moreover the traitor Stannis Baratheon's command that his loyal servant, Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch of King's Landing be seated immediately upon his small council, to assist in the governance of the realm. So the traitor Stannis Baratheon has decreed. his small council consents. Sansa glimpsed motion from the corner of Sansa's eye as his loyal servant, Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch of King's Landing made his loyal servant, Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch of King's Landing's entrance. This time a soft murmuring from the lords around her was louder and angrier.Proud lords whose houses went back thousands of years made way reluctantly for the balding, frog-faced commoner as the balding, frog-faced commoner marched past. Golden scales had been sewn onto the black velvet of the balding, frog-faced commoner's doublet and rang together softly with each step. the balding, frog-faced commoner's cloak was checked black-and-gold satin. Two ugly boys who must have been the balding, frog-faced commoner's sons went before the balding, frog-faced commoner, struggling with the weight of a heavy metal shield as tall as Two ugly boys who must have been his sons were. For the balding, frog-faced commoner's sigil the balding, frog-faced commoner had taken a bloody spear, gold on a night-black field. The sight of a bloody spear, gold on a night-black field raised goose prickles up and down Sansa's arms. As Lord Slynt took Lord Slynt's place, Grand Maester Pycelle resumed. Lastly, in these times of treason and turmoil, with our beloved Robert so lately dead, it is the view of the council that the life and safety of King Joffrey is of paramount importance… Grand Maester Pycelle looked to the queen. the queen stood. Ser Barristan Selmy, stand forth. Ser Barristan Selmy had been standing at the foot of the Iron Throne, as still as any statue, but now Ser Barristan Selmy went to one knee and bowed Ser Barristan Selmy's head.Your Grace, I am Your to command. Rise, Ser Barristan, Cersei Lannister said. Ser Barristan may remove Ser Barristan's helm. Cersei Lannister Standing, Ser Barristan took off your helm, though Ser Barristan did not seem to understand why. Ser Barristan have served the realm long and faithfully, Ser Barristan, and every man and woman in the Seven Kingdoms owes Ser Barristan thanks. Yet now Your fear Ser Barristan's service is at an end. It is the wish of king and council that Ser Barristan lay down Ser Barristan's heavy burden. your heavy burden Ser Barristan fear Ser Barristan… Ser Barristan do not…  The new-made lord, Janos Slynt, spoke up, The new-made lord, Janos Slynt's voice heavy and blunt. Your Grace is trying to tell Ser Barristan that Ser Barristan are relieved as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.The tall, white-haired knight seemed to shrink as The tall, white-haired knight stood there, scarcely breathing. Your Grace, The tall, white-haired knight said at last. The Kingsguard is a Sworn Brotherhood. The Kingsguard's vows are taken for life. Only death may relieve the Lord Commander of the Lord Commander's sacred trust. Whose death, The tall, white-haired knight? Your's voice was soft as silk, but Your's words carried the whole length of the hall. The tall, white-haired knight, or your king's? The tall, white-haired knight let my father die, my said accusingly from atop the Iron Throne. The tall, white-haired knight're too old to protect anybody. Sansa watched as The tall, white-haired knight peered up at my.She had never seen him look him's years before, yet now him did. She's Grace, him said. him was chosen for the White Swords in him's twenty-third year. chosen was all him had ever dreamed, from the moment him first took sword in hand. him gave up all claim to him's ancestral keep. The girl him was to wed married him's cousin in him's place, him had no need of land or sons, him's life would be lived for the realm. Ser Gerold Hightower Ser Gerold Hightower himself heard him's vows… to ward the king with all him's strength… to give him's blood for the king's… him fought beside the White Bull and Prince Lewyn of Dorne… beside Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Before him served the king, him helped shield King Aerys, and King Aerys's father Jaehaerys before King Aerys… three kings…  And three kings dead, Littlefinger pointed out. Your time is done, Cersei Lannister announced. the king requires men around the king who are young and strong. The council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take Your's place as the Lord Commander of the White Swordsthe White Swords.The Kingslayer, Ser Barristan said, Ser Barristan's voice hard with contempt. The Kingslayer The Kingslayer's The Kingslayer Have a care for Ser Barristan's words, Ser Barristan, the queen warned. Ser Barristan are speaking of our beloved brother, Ser Barristan's king's own blood. Lord Varys spoke, gentler than the others. We are not unmindful of Ser Barristan's service, Ser Barristan. Lord Tywin Lannister has generously agreed to grant Ser Barristan a handsome tract of land north of Lannisport, beside the sea, with gold and men sufficient to build Ser Barristan a stout keep, and servants to see to Ser Barristan's every need. Ser Barristan looked up sharply. A hall to die in, and men to bury Ser Barristan. Ser Barristan thank We, We… but Ser Barristan spit upon We's pity. Ser Barristan reached up and undid the clasps that held Ser Barristan's cloak in place, and his cloak slithered from Ser Barristan's shoulders to fall in a heap on the floor.His helmet dropped with a clang. His am a knight, His told them. His opened the silver fastenings of His's breastplate and let his breastplate fall as well. His shall die a knight. A naked knight, it would seem, quipped Littlefinger. them laughed then, Joffrey on Joffrey on his throne's throne, and the lords standing attendance, Janos Slynt and Queen Cersei and Sandor Clegane and even the other men of the Kingsguard, the five who had been His's brothers until a moment ago. Surely that must have hurt the most, Sansa thought. Sansa's heart went out to His as His stood shamed and red-faced, too angry to speak. Finally His drew His's sword. Sansa heard someone gasp. Ser Boros and Ser Meryn moved forward to confront His, but His froze Ser Boros and Ser Meryn in place with a look that dripped contempt.Have no fear, sers, sers's king is safe… no thanks to sers. Even now, I could cut through the five of you as easy as a dagger cuts cheese. If the five of you would serve under the Kingslayer, not a one of the five of you is fit to wear the white. I flung I's sword at the foot of the Iron Throne. Here, boy. Melt his sword down and add his sword to the others, if boy like. his sword will do boy more good than the swords in the hands of the five of you. Perhaps Lord Stannis will chance to sit on his sword when Lord Stannis takes sers's throne. I took the long way out, I's steps ringing loud against the floor and echoing off the bare stone walls. Lords and ladies parted to let I pass. Not until the pages had closed the great oak-and-bronze doors behind I did I hear sounds again: soft voices, uneasy stirrings, the shuffle of papers from the council table.He called me boy, me said peevishly, sounding younger than me's years. He talked about me's uncle Stannis too. Idle talk, said Varys the eunuch. Without meaning…  He could be making plots with me's uncles. me want He seized and questioned. No one moved. me raised me's voice. me said, me want He seized! Janos Slynt rose from the council table. Janos Slynt's gold cloaks will see to seized, me. Good, said me.Lord Janos strode from the hall, Lord Janos's ugly sons double-stepping to keep up as his ugly sons lugged the great metal shield with the arms of House Slynt. Your Grace, Littlefinger reminded the king. If we might resume, the seven are now six. we find we in need of a new sword for the king's Kingsguard. the king smiled. Tell them, Mother. The king and council have determined that no man in the seven is more fit to guard and protect Your Grace than His's sworn shield, Sandor Clegane. How do his sworn shield, Sandor Clegane like that, his sworn shield, Sandor Clegane? the king asked. his sworn shield, Sandor Clegane's scarred face was hard to read. his sworn shield, Sandor Clegane took a long moment to consider.Why not? I have no lands nor wife to forsake, and who'd care if I did? The burned side of I's mouth twisted. But I warn you, I'll say no knight's vows. The Sworn Brothers of the Kingsguard have always been knights, Ser Boros said firmly. Until now, the Hound said in the Hound's deep rasp, and Ser Boros fell silent. When the king's herald moved forward, Sansa realized the moment was almost at hand. Sansa smoothed down the cloth of Sansa's skirt nervously. Sansa was dressed in mourning, as a sign of respect for the king's, but Sansa had taken special care to make Sansa beautiful. Sansa's gown was the ivory silk that the queen had given Sansa, the one Arya had ruined, but Sansa'd had them dye Her gown black and you couldn't see the stain at all. Sansa had fretted over Sansa's jewelry for hours and finally decided upon the elegant simplicity of a plain silver chain.The herald's voice boomed out. If any man in this hall has other matters to set before any man in this hall's Grace, let any man in this hall speak now or go forth and hold any man in this hall's silence. Sansa quailed. Now, Sansa told Sansa, Sansa must do it now. Gods give Sansa courage. Sansa took one step, then another. Lords and knights stepped aside silently to let Sansa's pass, and Sansa felt the weight of Lords and knights's eyes on Sansa. Sansa must be as strong as Sansa's lady mother. His Grace, Sansa called out in a soft, tremulous voice. The height of the Iron Throne gave Joffrey a better vantage point than anyone else in this hall. Joffrey was the first to see Sansa.Come forward, my lady, my called out, smiling. my's smile emboldened my lady, made my lady feel beautiful and strong. my does love my lady, my does. my lady lifted my lady's head and walked toward my, not too slow and not too fast. my lady must not let them see how nervous my lady was. my lady, the herald cried. my lady stopped under the throne, at the spot where Ser Barristan's white cloak lay puddled on the floor beside Ser Barristan's's helm and breastplate. Do my lady have some business for king and council, my lady? the queen asked from the council table. my lady do. my lady knelt on Ser Barristan's white cloak, so as not to spoil my lady gown, and looked up at my lady's the throne.As it please Your Grace, I ask mercy for I's father, Lord Eddard Stark, who was the Hand of the King. I had practiced the words a hundred times. Your sighed. I, I disappoint Your. What did Your tell I about traitor's blood? my father, Lord Eddard Stark, who was the Hand of the King has committed grave and terrible crimes, Your's , Grand Maester Pycelle intoned. Ah, I, sighed Varys. I is only a babe, Your's lords, I does not know what I asks. I had eyes only for Joffrey. Joffrey must listen to I, Joffrey must, I thought. the King shifted on the King's seat, Let I speak, the King commanded.I want to hear what she says. Thank I, I. Sansa smiled, a shy secret smile, just for him. him was listening. Sansa knew him would. Treason is a noxious weed, Pycelle declared solemnly. Treason must be torn up, root and stem and seed, lest new traitors sprout from every roadside. Do Sansa deny Sansa's father's crime? Lord Baelish asked. No, Sansa's lords. Sansa knew better than deny.I know he must be punished. All I ask is mercy. I know he must regret what he did. he was King Robert's friend and he loved King Robert's, you all know he loved King Robert's. he never wanted to be Hand until King Robert's asked he. They must have lied to he. Lord Renly or Lord Stannis or… or somebody, They must have lied, otherwise…  King Joffrey leaned forward, hands grasping the arms of the throne. Broken sword points fanned out between King Joffrey's fingers. King Joffrey said King Joffrey wasn't King Robert's. Why did King Joffrey say said?His leg was broken, Sansa replied eagerly. His leg hurt ever so much, Maester Pycelle was giving His milk of the poppy, and they say that milk of the poppy fills your head with clouds. Otherwise His would never have said it. Varys said, A child's faith… such sweet innocence… and yet, they say wisdom oft comes from the mouths of babes. Treason is treason, Maester Pycelle replied at once. His rocked restlessly on the throne. Mother? Mother? considered Sansa thoughtfully. If His were to confess His's crime, Mother? said at last, we would know His had repented His's folly. His pushed His to His's feet.Please, Sansa thought, please, please, be the king Sansa know you are, good and kind and noble, please. Do Sansa have any more to say? you asked Sansa. Only… that as you love Sansa, you do Sansa this kindness, you, Sansa said. you looked Sansa up and down. Sansa's sweet words have moved you, you said gallantly, nodding, as if to say all would be well. you shall do as Sansa ask… but first Sansa's father has to confess. your father has to confess and say that you'm the king, or there will be no mercy for your father. your father will, Sansa said, heart soaring. Oh, Sansa know your father will.