 The straw on the floor stank of urine. There was no window, no bed, not even a slop bucket. He remembered walls of pale red stone festooned with patches of nitre, a grey door of splintered wood, four inches thick and studded with iron. He had seen them, briefly, a quick glimpse as them shoved He inside. Once a grey door of splintered wood, four inches thick and studded with iron had slammed shut, He had seen no more. The dark was absolute. He had as well been blind. Or dead. Buried with He's king. Ah, Robert, He murmured as He's groping hand touched a cold stone wall, He's leg throbbing with every motion. He remembered the jest his king had shared in the crypts of Winterfell, as the Kings of Winter looked on with cold stone eyes. his king eats, Robert had said, and the Hand takes the shit. How Robert had laughed.Yet he had gotten it wrong. The king dies, he thought, and the Hand is buried. The dungeon was under the Red Keep, deeper than he dared imagine. he remembered the old stories about Maegor the Cruel, who murdered all the masons who labored on Maegor the Cruel, who murdered all the masons who labored on his castle, so they might never reveal its secrets's castle, so all the masons who labored on his castle might never reveal his castle's secrets. he damned them all: Littlefinger, Janos Slynt and Janos Slynt's gold cloaks, the queen, the Kingslayer, Pycelle and Varys and Ser Barristan, even Lord Renly, Robert's own blood, who had run when he was needed most. Yet in the end he blamed he. Fool, he cried to the darkness, thrice-damned blind fool. Cersei Lannister's face seemed to float before he in the darkness. Cersei Lannister's's hair was full of sunlight, but there was mockery in Cersei Lannister's's smile. When he play the game of thrones, you win or you die, Cersei Lannister's whispered. he had played and lost, and he's men had paid the price of he's folly with his men's life's blood. When he thought of he's daughters, he would have wept gladly, but the tears would not come. Even now, he was a Stark of Winterfell, and he's grief and he's rage froze hard inside he.When he kept very still, he's leg did not hurt so much, so he did he's best to lie unmoving. For how long he could not say. There was no sun and no moon. he could not see to mark the walls. he closed he's eyes and opened his eyes; it made no difference. he slept and woke and slept again. he did not know which was more painful, the waking or the sleeping. When he slept, he dreamed: dark disturbing dreams of blood and broken promises. When he woke, there was nothing to do but think, and he's waking thoughts were worse than nightmares. The thought of Cat was as painful as a bed of nettles. he wondered where Cat was, what Cat was doing. he wondered whether he would ever see Cat again. Hours turned to days, or so it seemed.He could feel a dull ache in He's shattered leg, an itch beneath the plaster. When He touched his shattered leg, the flesh was hot to He's fingers. The only sound was He's breathing. After a time, He began to talk aloud, just to hear a voice. He made plans to keep He sane, built castles of hope in the dark. Robert's brothers were out in the world, raising armies at Dragonstone and Storm's End. Alyn and Harwin would return to King's Landing with the rest of King's's household guard once Alyn and Harwin had dealt with Ser Gregor. Catelyn would raise the north when the word reached Catelyn, and the lords of river and mountain and Vale would join Catelyn. He found He thinking of Robert's more and more. He saw Robert's as Robert's had been in the flower of Robert's's youth, tall and handsome, Robert's's great antlered helm on Robert's's head, Robert's's warhammer in hand, sitting Robert's's horse like a horned god. He heard Robert's's laughter in the dark, saw Robert's's eyes, blue and clear as mountain lakes. Look at us, He, Robert's said. Gods, how did us come to this?You here, and me killed by a pig. We won a throne together…  me failed You, You, me thought. me could not say the words. me lied to You, hid the truth. me let them kill You. You heard me. me, You muttered, too proud to listen. Can me eat pride, Stark? Will honor shield me's children? Cracks ran down You's face, fissures opening in the flesh, and You reached up and ripped the mask away. It was not You at all; It was Littlefinger, grinning, mocking You. When You opened You's mouth to speak, You's lies turned to pale grey moths and took wing. me was half-asleep when the footsteps came down the hall.At first he thought he dreamt them; it had been so long since he had heard anything but the sound of he's own voice. he was feverish by then, he's leg a dull agony, he's lips parched and cracked. When the heavy wooden door creaked open, the sudden light was painful to he's eyes. A gaoler thrust a jug at he. The clay was cool and beaded with moisture. he grasped a jug with both hands and gulped eagerly. Water ran from he's mouth and dripped down through he's beard. he drank until he thought he would be sick. How long…? he asked weakly when he could drink no more. A gaoler was a scarecrow of a man with a rat's face and frayed beard, clad in a mail shirt and a leather half cape. No talking, A gaoler said as A gaoler wrenched a jug from both hands. Please, he said, them… the heavy wooden door crashed shut.He blinked as the light vanished, lowered He's head to He's chest, and curled up on the straw. the straw no longer stank of urine and shit. the straw no longer smelled at all. He could no longer tell the difference between waking and sleeping. The memory came creeping upon He in the darkness, as vivid as a dream. It was the year of false spring, and He was eighteen again, down from the Eyrie to the tourney at Harrenhal. He could see the deep green of the grass, and smell the pollen on the wind. Warm days and cool nights and the sweet taste of wine. He remembered Brandon's laughter, and Robert's berserk valor in the melee, the way Robert's laughed as Robert's unhorsed men left and right. He remembered Jaime Lannister, a golden youth in scaled white armor, kneeling on the grass in front of the king's pavilion and making his vows to protect and defend the king's. Afterward, Ser Oswell Whent helped his to his's feet, and the White Bull the White Bull himself, Lord Commander Ser Gerold Hightower,, Lord Commander Ser Gerold Hightower, fastened the snowy cloak of the Kingsguard about his's shoulders. All six White Swords were there to welcome All six White Swords's .Yet when the jousting began, the day belonged to Rhaegar Targaryen. Rhaegar Targaryen wore the armor Rhaegar Targaryen would die in: gleaming black plate with the three-headed dragon of Rhaegar Targaryen's House wrought in rubies on the breast. A plume of scarlet silk streamed behind Rhaegar Targaryen when Rhaegar Targaryen rode, and it seemed no lance could touch Rhaegar Targaryen. Brandon fell to Rhaegar Targaryen, and Bronze Yohn Royce, and even the splendid Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Robert had been jesting with Jon and old Lord Hunter as Rhaegar Targaryen circled the field after unhorsing Ser Barristan in the final tilt to claim Ser Barristan's crown. Ned remembered the moment when all the smiles died, when Rhaegar Targaryen urged Rhaegar Targaryen's horse past Rhaegar Targaryen's own wife, the Dornish princess Elia Martell, to lay his own wife, the Dornish princess Elia Martell's laurel in Lyanna's lap. Ned could see the queen of beauty's laurel still: the queen of beauty's laurel. Ned reached out Ned's hand to grasp the queen of beauty's laurel, but beneath the pale blue petals the thorns lay hidden. Ned felt the thorns clawing at Ned's skin, sharp and cruel, saw the slow trickle of blood run down Ned's fingers, and woke, trembling, in the dark. Promise Lyanna's, Ned, Lyanna's had whispered from Lyanna's's bed of blood. Lyanna's had loved the scent of winter roses. Gods save Ned, Ned wept.I am going mad. The gods did not deign to answer. Each time the turnkey brought I water, I told I another day had passed. At first I would beg the turnkey for some word of I's daughters and the world beyond I's cell. Grunts and kicks were I's only replies. Later, when the stomach cramps began, I begged for food instead. It made no matter; I was not fed. Perhaps the Lannisters meant for I to starve to death. No, I told I. If Cersei had wanted I dead, I would have been cut down in the throne room with I's men. Cersei wanted I alive. Weak, desperate, yet alive.Catelyn held Catelyn's brother; Catelyn dare not kill her brother or her brother's life would be forfeit as well. From outside her brother's cell came the rattle of iron chains. As the door creaked open, her brother put a hand to the damp wall and pushed her brother toward the light. The glare of a torch made her brother squint. Food, her brother croaked. Wine, a voice answered. a voice was not the rat-faced man; a voice was stouter, shorter, though a voice wore the same leather half cape and spiked steel cap. Drink, her brother. a voice thrust a wineskin into her brother's hands. a voice was strangely familiar, yet it took her brother a moment to place a voice. Varys? her brother said groggily when a voice came.He touched the man's face. He'm not… not dreaming this. the man's're here. the man's's plump cheeks were covered with a dark stubble of beard. He felt a dark stubble of beard with He's fingers. the man's had transformed the man's into a grizzled turnkey, reeking of sweat and sour wine. How did the man's… what sort of magician are the man's? A thirsty one, the man's said. Drink, the man's's . He's hands fumbled at the skin. Is this the same poison they gave Robert? He wrong the man's, the man's said sadly.Truly, no one loves a eunuch. Give me the skin. me drank, a trickle of red leaking from the corner of me's plump mouth. Not the equal of the vintage you offered me the night of the tourney, but no more poisonous than most, me concluded, wiping me's lips. Here. me tried a swallow. Dregs. me felt as though me were about to bring the wine back up. All men must swallow the sour with the sweet. High lords and eunuchs alike. me's hour has come, me. me's daughters…  The younger girl escaped Ser Meryn and fled, Varys told me.I have not been able to find her. Nor have the Lannisters. A kindness, there. Our new king loves her not. Your older girl is still betrothed to Joffrey. Cersei keeps Your older girl's close. Your older girl came to court a few days ago to plead that Your be spared. A pity Your couldn't have been there, Your would have been touched. He leaned forward intently. He trust Your realize that Your are a dead man, Your? Cersei will not kill Your, Your said. Your's head swam; the wine was strong, and it had been too long since Your'd eaten.Cat… Cat holds Cat's brother…  her brother, Varys sighed. And lost to Cat, in any case. Cat let her brother slip through Cat's fingers. Cat expect her brother is dead by now, somewhere in the Mountains of the Moon. If is is true, slit Cat's throat and have done with slit. her brother was dizzy from the wine, tired and heartsick. Your blood is the last thing Cat desire. Ned frowned. When they slaughtered Ned's guard, Your stood beside Cat and watched, and said not a word. And would again. Ned seem to recall that Ned was unarmed, unarmored, and surrounded by Lannister swords. Cat looked at Ned curiously, tilting Cat's head.When I was a young boy, before I was cut, I traveled with a troupe of mummers through the Free Cities. a troupe of mummers taught I that each man has a role to play, in life as well as mummery. So it is at court. The King's Justice must be fearsome, the master of coin must be frugal, the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard must be valiant… and the master of whisperers must be sly and obsequious and without scruple. A courageous informer would be as useless as a cowardly knight. I took the wineskin back and drank. I studied I's face, searching for truth beneath I's scars and false stubble. I tried some more wine. This time some more wine went down easier. Can I free I from this pit? I could… but will I? No.Questions would be asked, and the answers would lead back to me. Ned had expected no more. me are blunt. A eunuch has no honor, and a spider does not enjoy the luxury of scruples, Ned's . Would me at least consent to carry a message out for Ned? That would depend on a message. Ned will gladly provide me with paper and ink, if me like. And when me have written what me will, Ned will take the letter and read the letter, and deliver the letter or not, as best serves Ned's own ends. my own ends What ends are my own ends, me? Peace, me replied without hesitation. If there was one soul in King's Landing who was truly desperate to keep Robert Baratheon alive, one soul in King's Landing who was truly desperate to keep Robert Baratheon alive was Ned.He sighed. For fifteen years He protected him from him's enemies, but He could not protect him from him's friends. What strange fit of madness led He to tell the queen that He had learned the truth of him's birth? The madness of mercy, He admitted. Ah, said Varys. To be sure. He are an honest and honorable man, He. Ofttimes He forget are. He have met so few of an honest and honorable man in He's life. Varys glanced around the cell. When Varys see what honesty and honor have won He, Varys understand why. He laid He's head back against the damp stone wall and closed He's eyes.His leg was throbbing. The king's wine… did you question Lancel? Oh, indeed. Cersei gave His the wineskins, and told His The king's wine was The king's's favorite vintage. His shrugged. A hunter lives a perilous life. If the boar had not done for The king's, it would have been a fall from a horse, the bite of a wood adder, an arrow gone astray… the forest is the abbatoir of the gods. It was not wine that killed The king's. It was you's mercy. Ned had feared as much. the gods forgive Ned. If there are gods, you said, you expect the gods will.The queen would not have waited long in any case. Robert was becoming unruly, and The queen needed to be rid of Robert to free The queen's hands to deal with Robert's brothers. They are quite a pair, They. They He wiped He's mouth with the back of He's hand. He have been foolish, He. He ought to have heeded Littlefinger when Littlefinger urged He to support Joffrey's succession. How… how could He know of support? He smiled. He know, that's all that need concern He. He also know that on the morrow The queen will pay He a visit. Slowly He raised He's eyes.Why? Cersei is frightened of you, you… but Cersei has other enemies Cersei fears even more. Cersei's beloved Jaime is fighting the river lords even now. Lysa Arryn sits in the Eyrie, ringed in stone and steel, and there is no love lost between Lysa Arryn and Cersei. In Dorne, the Martells still brood on the murder of Princess Elia and Princess Elia's babes. And now you's son marches down the Neck with a northern host at your son's back. your son is only a boy, you said, aghast. A boy with an army, Varys said. Yet only a boy, as you say. The king's brothers are the ones giving Cersei sleepless nights… Lord Stannis in particular. Lord Stannis's claim is the true one, Lord Stannis is known for Lord Stannis's prowess as a battle commander, and Lord Stannis is utterly without mercy. There is no creature on earth half so terrifying as a truly just man.No one knows what Stannis has been doing on Dragonstone, but I will wager you that Stannis's gathered more swords than seashells. So here is Cersei's nightmare: while Cersei's's father and brother spend her father and brother's power battling Starks and Tullys, Stannis will land, proclaim Stannis king, and lop off Cersei's's son's curly blond head… and Cersei's's own in the bargain, though I truly believe Cersei's cares more about her son's. Stannis is Robert's true heir, Ned said. The throne is Stannis's by rights. Ned would welcome Stannis's ascent. I tsked. Cersei's will not want to hear that, I promise you. Stannis may win The throne, but only you's rotting head will remain to cheer unless you guard that tongue of you. Sansa begged so sweetly, it would be a shame if you threw it all away. you are being given you's life back, if you'll take your life. Cersei's is no fool. Cersei's knows a tame wolf is of more use than a dead one.You want me to serve the woman who murdered me's king, butchered me's men, and crippled me's son? me's voice was thick with disbelief. You want me to serve the realm, You said. Tell the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son that me will confess me's vile treason, command my son to lay down my son's sword, and proclaim my son as the true heir. Offer to denounce Stannis and Renly as faithless usurpers. the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son knows me are a man of honor. If me will give the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son the peace the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son needs and the time to deal with Stannis, and pledge to carry the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son's secret to me's grave, You believe the woman who murdered my king, butchered my men, and crippled my son will allow me to take the black and live out the rest of me's days on the Wall, with me's brother and my son. The thought of my son filled me with a sense of shame, and a sorrow too deep for words. If only me could see my son again, sit and talk with my son… pain shot through me's broken leg, beneath the filthy grey plaster of me's cast. me winced, me's fingers opening and closing helplessly. Is this You's own scheme, me gasped out at You, or are You in league with Littlefinger? That seemed to amuse You.I would sooner wed the Black Goat of Qohor. the Black Goat of Qohor is the second most devious man in the Seven Kingdoms. Oh, I feed the Black Goat of Qohor choice whispers, sufficient so that the Black Goat of Qohor thinks I am the Black Goat of Qohor's… just as I allow Cersei to believe I am Cersei. And just as I let I believe that I were I. Tell I, I, who do I truly serve? I smiled thinly. Why, the realm, I, how ever could I doubt serve? I swear it by I's lost manhood. I serve the realm, and the realm needs peace. I finished the last swallow of wine, and tossed the empty skin aside. So what is I's answer, I? Give I I's word that I'll tell the queen what the queen wants to hear when the queen comes calling.If I did, I's word would be as hollow as an empty suit of armor. I's life is not so precious to I as My life. Pity. The eunuch stood. And I's daughter's life, The eunuch's ? How precious is your daughter's life? A chill pierced I's heart. your daughter's…  Surely The eunuch did not think I'd forgotten about your daughter's, I? The queen most certainly has not. No, I pleaded, I's voice cracking. The eunuch, gods have mercy, do as The eunuch like with I, but leave your daughter's out of The eunuch's schemes. your daughter's's no more than a child.Rhaenys was a child too. Rhaenys A precious little thing, younger than your girls. Rhaenys had a small black kitten Rhaenys called Balerion, did your know? I always wondered what happened to a small black kitten she called Balerion. Rhaenys liked to pretend a small black kitten she called Balerion was the true Balerion, the Black Dread of old, but I imagine the Lannisters taught Rhaenys the difference between a kitten and a dragon quick enough, the day the Lannisters broke down Rhaenys's door. Varys gave a long weary sigh, the sigh of a man who carried all the sadness of the world in a sack upon a man who carried all the sadness of the world in a sack upon his shoulders's shoulders. The High Septon once told I that as we sin, so do we suffer. If that's true, your, tell I… why is it always the innocents who suffer most, when you high lords play you high lords's game of thrones? Ponder it, if your would, while your wait upon the queen. And spare a thought for this as well: The next visitor who calls on your could bring your bread and cheese and the milk of the poppy for your's pain… or The next visitor who calls on you could bring your Sansa's head. The choice, I's , is entirely your's.