 As the host trooped down the causeway through the black bogs of the Neck and spilled out into the riverlands beyond, Catelyn's apprehensions grew. Catelyn's masked Catelyn's apprehensions behind a face kept still and stern, yet Catelyn's apprehensions were there all the same, growing with every league the host crossed. Catelyn's's days were anxious, Catelyn's's nights restless, and every raven that flew overhead made Catelyn's's clench Catelyn's's teeth. Catelyn's feared for Catelyn's's lord father, and wondered at her lord father's ominous silence. Catelyn's feared for Catelyn's's brother Edmure, and prayed that the gods would watch over her brother Edmure if her brother Edmure must face the Kingslayer in battle. Catelyn's feared for Ned and Ned's girls, and for the sweet sons Catelyn's had left behind at Winterfell. And yet there was nothing Catelyn's could do for any of them, and so Catelyn's made Catelyn's put all thought of them aside. Catelyn's must save Catelyn's's strength for Robb, Catelyn's told Catelyn's. Robb is the only one Catelyn's can help. Catelyn's must be as fierce and hard as the north, Catelyn's. Catelyn's must be a Stark for true now, like Robb. Robb rode at the front of the host, beneath the flapping white banner of Winterfell. Each day Robb would ask one of Robb's lords to join Robb, so they might confer as the host marched; Robb honored every man in turn, showing no favorites, listening as Robb's had listened, weighing the words of one against the other. Robb has learned so much from Ned, Catelyn's thought as Catelyn's watched Robb, but has Robb learned enough? The Blackfish had taken a hundred picked men and a hundred swift horses and raced ahead to screen the host's movements and scout the way. The reports Ser Brynden's riders brought back did little to reassure Catelyn's. the host was still many days to the south… but Walder Frey, Lord of the Crossing, had assembled a force of near four thousand men at Walder Frey, Lord of the Crossing's castles on the Green Fork.Late again, Catelyn murmured when Catelyn heard. It was the Trident all over, damn the man. Catelyn's brother Edmure had called the banners; by rights, Lord Frey should have gone to join the Tully host at Riverrun, yet here Lord Frey sat. Four thousand men, Robb repeated, more perplexed than angry. Lord Frey cannot hope to fight the Lannisters by Lord Frey. Surely Lord Frey means to join Lord Frey's power to ours. Does Lord Frey? Catelyn asked. Catelyn had ridden forward to join Robb and Robett Glover, Robb's companion of the day. The vanguard spread out behind them, a slow-moving forest of lances and banners and spears. I wonder. Expect nothing of Walder Frey, and Robb will never be surprised. Walder Frey's Robb's father's bannerman. Some men take Some men's oaths more seriously than others, Robb. And Walder Frey was always friendlier with Casterly Rock than your father's would have liked. One of Walder Frey's sons is wed to Tywin Lannister's sister. is means little of is, to be sure.Lord Walder has sired a great many children over the years, and a great many children must needs marry someone. Still…  Do you think Lord Walder means to betray us to the Lannisters, you? Robett Glover asked gravely. you sighed. If truth be told, you doubt Lord Walder knows what Lord Walder intends to do. Lord Walder has an old man's caution and a young man's ambition, and has never lacked for cunning. us must have the Twins, you, Robb said heatedly. There is no other way across the river. you know is. Yes. And so does Lord Walder, you can be sure of is. That night us made camp on the southern edge of the bogs, halfway between the kingsroad and the river. It was there Theon Greyjoy brought us further word from you's uncle. her uncle says to tell us her uncle's crossed swords with the Lannisters. There are a dozen scouts who won't be reporting back to Lord Tywin anytime soon. Or ever. her uncle grinned.Ser Addam Marbrand commands their outriders, and Ser Addam Marbrand's pulling back south, burning as Ser Addam Marbrand goes. Ser Addam Marbrand knows where we are, more or less, but the Blackfish vows the Blackfish will not know when we split. Unless Lord Frey tells the Blackfish, Catelyn said sharply. Theon, when Theon return to Catelyn's uncle, tell my uncle my uncle is to place my uncle's best bowmen around the Twins, day and night, with orders to bring down any raven his best bowmen see leaving the battlements. Catelyn want no birds bringing word of Lord Frey's movements to Lord Frey. Ser Addam Marbrand has seen to place already, Catelyn, Theon replied with a cocky smile. A few more blackbirds, and we should have enough to bake a pie. Theon'll save Catelyn A few more blackbirds's feathers for a hat. Catelyn ought to have known that Ser Addam Marbrand would be well ahead of Catelyn. What have the Freys been doing while the Lannisters burn the Freys's fields and plunder the Freys's holdfasts? There's been some fighting between their outriders and Lord Walder's, Theon answered. Not a day's ride from here, we found two Lannister scouts feeding the crows where the Freys had strung two Lannister scouts up. Most of Lord Walder's's strength remains massed at the Twins, though. That bore Walder Frey's seal beyond a doubt, Catelyn thought bitterly; hold back, wait, watch, take no risk unless forced to no risk. If Lord Walder's's been fighting the Lannisters, perhaps Lord Walder's does mean to hold to Lord Walder's's vows, Robb said. Catelyn was less encouraged. Defending Lord Walder's's own lands is one thing, open battle against Lord Frey quite another.Robb turned back to Theon Greyjoy. Has the Blackfish found any other way across the Green Fork? Theon Greyjoy shook Theon Greyjoy's head. the Green Fork's running high and fast. Ser Brynden says the Green Fork can't be forded, not this far north. I must have that crossing! Robb declared, fuming. Oh, our horses might be able to swim the Green Fork, Robb suppose, but not with armored men on our horses's backs. our'd need to build rafts to pole our's steel across, helms and mail and lances, and our don't have the trees for build. Or the time. Lord Tywin is marching north… Robb balled Robb's hand into a fist. Lord Frey would be a fool to try and bar our's way, Theon Greyjoy said with Theon Greyjoy's customary easy confidence. our have five times Lord Frey's numbers. our can take the Twins if our need to, Robb. Not easily, Catelyn warned our, and not in time. While our were mounting our's siege, Lord Tywin would bring up Lord Tywin's host and assault our from the rear. Robb glanced from Catelyn to Theon Greyjoy, searching for an answer and finding none.For a moment he looked even younger than he's fifteen years, despite he's mail and sword and the stubble on he's cheeks. What would he's lord father do? he asked her. Find a way across, her told he. Whatever it took. The next morning it was Ser Brynden Tully Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them. Ser Brynden Tully himself had put aside the heavy plate and helm Ser Brynden Tully himself'd worn as the Knight of the Gate for the lighter leather-and-mail of an outrider, but Ser Brynden Tully himself's obsidian fish still fastened Ser Brynden Tully himself's cloak. Ser Brynden Tully himself's face was grave as Ser Brynden Tully himself swung down off Ser Brynden Tully himself's horse. There has been a battle under the walls of Riverrun, Ser Brynden Tully himself said, Ser Brynden Tully himself's mouth grim. We had it from a Lannister outrider We took captive. The Kingslayer has destroyed Edmure's host and sent the lords of the Trident reeling in flight. A cold hand clutched at her's heart. And he's brother? Wounded and taken prisoner, Ser Brynden Tully himself said. my brother and the other survivors are under siege inside Riverrun, surrounded by Jaime's host. Robb looked fretful. We must get across this accursed river if We're to have any hope of relieving Lord Blackwood and the other survivors in time.That will not be easily done, her uncle cautioned. Lord Frey has pulled Lord Frey's whole strength back inside Lord Frey's castles, and Lord Frey's gates are closed and barred. Damn Lord Frey, Robb swore. If Lord Frey does not relent and let Robb cross, Lord Frey'll leave Robb no choice but to storm his gates. Robb'll pull the Twins down around Lord Frey's ears if Robb have to, we'll see how well Lord Frey likes pull! Robb sound like a sulky boy, Robb, her said sharply. A child sees an obstacle, and A child's first thought is to run around an obstacle or knock an obstacle down. A lord must learn that sometimes words can accomplish what swords cannot. Robb's neck reddened at the rebuke. Tell Robb what her mean, her, Robb said meekly. The Freys have held the crossing for six hundred years, and for six hundred years The Freys have never failed to exact The Freys's toll. What toll? What does Lord Frey want? her smiled. That is what we must discover. And what if Robb do not choose to pay their toll? Then Robb had best retreat back to Moat Cailin, deploy to meet Lord Tywin in battle… or grow wings.I see no other choices. Catelyn put Catelyn's heels to Catelyn's horse and rode off, leaving I to ponder Catelyn's words. It would not do to make I feel as if I's were usurping I's place. Did you teach I wisdom as well as valor, you? Catelyn wondered. Did you teach I how to kneel? The graveyards of the Seven Kingdoms were full of brave men who had never learned kneel. It was near midday when their vanguard came in sight of the Twins, where the Lords of the Crossing had the Lords of the Crossing's seat. The Green Fork ran swift and deep here, but the Lords of the Crossing had spanned The Green Fork many centuries past and grown rich off the coin men paid the Lords of the Crossing to cross. the Lords of the Crossing's bridge was a massive arch of smooth grey rock, wide enough for two wagons to pass abreast; the Water Tower rose from the center of Their bridge, commanding both road and river with the Water Tower's arrow slits, murder holes, and portcullises. It had taken the Lords of the Crossing three generations to complete Their bridge; when the Lords of the Crossing were done the Lords of the Crossing'd thrown up stout timber keeps on either bank, so no one might cross without the Lords of the Crossing's leave. The timber had long since given way to stone. the Twins, where the Lords of the Crossing had their seathad guarded the Crossing for centuries. High curtain walls, deep moats, and heavy oak-and-iron gates protected the approaches, the bridge footings rose from within stout inner keeps, there was a barbican and portcullis on either bank, and the Water Tower defended Their bridge. One glance was sufficient to tell Catelyn that the Twins, where the Lords of the Crossing had their seat would not be taken by storm. The battlements bristled with spears and swords and scorpions, there was an archer at every crenel and arrow slit, the drawbridge was up, the portcullis down, heavy oak-and-iron gates closed and barred. The Greatjon began to curse and swear as soon as The Greatjon saw what awaited them.Lord Rickard Karstark glowered in silence. That cannot be assaulted, Lord Rickard Karstark's lords, Roose Bolton announced. Nor can we take That by siege, without an army on the far bank to invest the other castle, Helman Tallhart said gloomily. Across the deep-running green waters, the other castle stood like a reflection of the other castle. Even if we had the time. Which, to be sure, we do not. As my lords studied the other castle, a sally port opened, a plank bridge slid across the moat, and a dozen knights rode forth to confront my lords, led by four of Lord Walder's many sons. a dozen knights's banner bore twin towers, dark blue on a field of pale silver-grey. Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's's heir, spoke for a dozen knights. a dozen knights looked like weasels; Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's heir, Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's heir,'s looked like an especially old and tired weasel, yet Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's heir, was polite enough. My lord father has sent Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's heir, to greet my lords, and inquire as to who leads my lords. I do. I spurred I's horse forward. I was in I's armor, with the direwolf shield of Winterfell strapped to I's saddle and Grey Wind padding by I's side. The old knight looked at The old knight's with a faint flicker of amusement in The old knight's watery grey eyes, though I's gelding whickered uneasily and sidled away from the direwolf shield of Winterfell. My lord father would be most honored if my lords would share meat and mead with My lord father in the other castle and explain my lords's purpose here. I's words crashed among my lords like a great stone from a catapult.Not one of them approved. them cursed, argued, shouted down each other. You must not do this, You, Galbart Glover pleaded with You. Lord Walder is not to be trusted. Roose Bolton nodded. Go in there alone and You're Lord Walder. Lord Walder can sell You to the Lannisters, throw You in a dungeon, or slit You's throat, as Lord Walder likes. If Lord Walder wants to talk to us, let Lord Walder open Lord Walder's gates, and us will all share Lord Walder's meat and mead, declared Ser Wendel Manderly. Or let Lord Walder come out and treat with You here, in plain sight of Lord Walder's men and ours, suggested Ser Wendel Manderly's brother, Ser Wylis. Catelyn Stark shared all their doubts, but Catelyn Stark had only to glance at Ser Stevron to see that Ser Stevron was not pleased by what Ser Stevron was hearing. A few more words and the chance would be lost. Catelyn Stark had to act, and quickly. Catelyn Stark will go, Catelyn Stark said loudly. You, You's ? You furrowed You's brow. Catelyn Stark, are Catelyn Stark certain? Clearly, You was not.Never more, Catelyn lied glibly. Lord Walder is Catelyn's father's bannerman. Catelyn have known Lord Walder since Catelyn was a girl. Lord Walder would never offer Catelyn any harm. Unless Lord Walder saw some profit in offer, Catelyn added silently, but some truths did not bear saying, and some lies were necessary. I am certain my father's would be pleased to speak to Catelyn, I said. To vouchsafe for our good intentions, I's brother Ser Perwyn will remain here until Catelyn is safely returned to Catelyn. my brother Ser Perwyn shall be our honored guest, said Robb. my brother Ser Perwyn dismounted and handed the reins of my brother Ser Perwyn's horse to a brother. Robb require Robb's return by evenfall, I, Robb went on. It is not Robb's intent to linger here long. I gave a polite nod. As Robb say, Robb. Catelyn spurred his horse forward and did not look back. Lord Walder's sons and envoys fell in around Catelyn. my father's had once said of Lord Walder that Lord Walder was the only lord in the Seven Kingdoms who could field an army out of Lord Walder's breeches. When Lord Walder welcomed Catelyn in the great hall of the east castle, surrounded by twenty living sons (minus Ser Perwyn, who would have made twenty-one), thirty-six grandsons, nineteen great-grandsons, and numerous daughters, granddaughters, bastards, and grandbastards, Catelyn understood just what Lord Walder had meant.Lord Walder was ninety, a wizened pink weasel with a bald spotted head, too gouty to stand unassisted. Lord Walder's newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years, walked beside Lord Walder's litter when they carried Lord Walder in. His newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years, was the eighth Lady Frey. It is a great pleasure to see Lord Walder again after so many years, Lord Walder, my said. Lord Walder squinted at my suspiciously. Is it? Lord Walder doubt that. Spare Lord Walder my's sweet words, my, Lord Walder am too old. Why are my here? Is my's boy too proud to come before Lord Walder your boy? What am Lord Walder to do with my? my had been a girl the last time my had visited the Twins, but even then Lord Walder had been irascible, sharp of tongue, and blunt of manner. Age had made Lord Walder worse than ever, it would seem. my would need to choose my's words with care, and do my best to take no offense from Lord Walder. Lord Walder, Ser Stevron said reproachfully, Lord Walder forget Lord Walder. His newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years, is here at Lord Walder's invitation. Did Lord Walder ask Ser Stevron?You are not Lord Frey yet, not until You die. Do You look dead? You'll hear no instructions from You. This is no way to speak in front of our noble guest, Father, one of Father's younger sons said. Now his younger sons presume to teach Father courtesy, Father complained. Father'll speak any way Father like, damn one of his younger sons. Father've had three kings to guest in Father's life, and queens as well, do one of his younger sons think Father require lessons from the likes of one of his younger sons, one of his younger sons? one of his younger sons's mother was milking goats the first time Father gave Your mother Father's seed. Father dismissed one of his younger sons with a flick of Father's fingers and gestured to two of Father's other sons. Danwell, Whalen, help Father to Father's chair. two of his other sons shifted Father from Father's litter and carried Father to the high seat of the Freys, a tall chair of black oak whose back was carved in the shape of two towers linked by a bridge. Father's young wife crept up timidly and covered Father's legs with a blanket. When Father was settled, Father beckoned Catelyn forward and planted a papery dry kiss on Catelyn's hand. There, Father announced. Now that Father have observed the courtesies, Catelyn, perhaps two of his other sons will do Father the honor of shutting two of his other sons's mouths. Why are Catelyn here? To ask Father to open Father's gates, Catelyn's , Catelyn replied politely.My son and My son's lords bannermen are most anxious to cross the river and be on My son and his lords bannermen's way. To Riverrun? He sniggered. Oh, no need to tell me, no need. me'm not blind yet. The old man can still read a map. To Riverrun, Catelyn confirmed. Catelyn saw no reason to deny confirmed. Where Catelyn might have expected to find He, He. He are still My's bannerman, are He not? Heh, said He, a noise halfway between a laugh and a grunt. He called He's swords, yes He did, here my swords are, Catelyn saw my swords on the walls. It was He's intent to march as soon as all He's strength was assembled. Well, to send He's sons. He am well past marching He, Catelyn. He looked around for likely confirmation and pointed to a tall, stooped man of fifty years. Tell Catelyn, Jared.Tell her that was my intent. that was, her, said Ser Jared Frey, one of my's sons by my's second wife. On my's honor. Is it my's fault that her's fool brother lost your fool brother's battle before we could march? my leaned back against my's cushions and scowled at her, as if challenging her to dispute my's version of events. my am told the Kingslayer went through your fool brother like an axe through ripe cheese. Why should my's boys hurry south to die? All those who did go south are running north again. her would gladly have spitted my and roasted my over a fire, but her had only till evenfall to open the bridge. Calmly, her said, All the more reason that we must reach Riverrun, and soon. Where can we go to talk, her's ? we're talking now, Ser Jared Frey, one of his sons by his second wife complained. The spotted pink head snapped around. What are you all looking at? Ser Jared Frey, one of his sons by his second wife shouted at you all. Get out of here.Lady Stark wants to speak to me in private. Might be Lady Stark has designs on me's fidelity, heh. Go, all of you, find something useful to do. Yes, you too, woman. Out, out, out. As me's sons and grandsons and daughters and bastards and nieces and nephews streamed from the hall, me leaned close to Catelyn and confessed, his sons and grandsons and daughters and bastards and nieces and nephews're all waiting for me to die. Stevron's been waiting for forty years, but me keep disappointing Stevron. Heh. Why should me die just so Stevron can be a lord? me ask Catelyn. me won't do die. me have every hope that me will live to be a hundred. live would boil his sons and grandsons and daughters and bastards and nieces and nephews, to be sure. Oh, to be sure. Now, what do me want to say? We want to cross, Catelyn told me.Oh, do you? That's blunt. Why should you let you? For a moment her anger flared. If you were strong enough to climb you's own battlements, you, you would see that her's son has twenty thousand men outside your own battlements. twenty thousand men'll be twenty thousand fresh corpses when Lord Tywin gets here, you shot back. Don't her try and frighten you, her. her's husband's in some traitor's cell under the Red Keep, her's father's sick, might be dying, and Jaime Lannister's got her's brother in chains. What do her have that you should fear? my son you'll match her son for son, and you'll still have eighteen when her are all dead. you swore an oath to your father, her reminded you. you bobbed you's head side to side, smiling. Oh, yes, you said some words, but you swore oaths to the crown too, it seems to you. Lord Tywin's the king now, and 's makes her and my son and all those fools out there no better than rebels. If you had the sense the gods gave a fish, you'd help Jaime Lannister boil you and your boy and all those fools out there.Why don't you? she challenged you. you snorted with disdain. Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King, oh, what a great man Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King is, Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King and Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King's gold this and gold that and lions here and lions there. you'll wager she, Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King eats too many beans, Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King breaks wind just like you, but she'll never hear Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King admit breaks, oh, no. What's Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King got to be so puffed up about anyway? Only two sons, and one of Only two sons's a twisted little monster. you'll match one of them son for son, and you'll still have nineteen and a half left when all of Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King's are dead! you cackled. If Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King wants you's help, Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King can bloody well ask for my help. That was all she needed to hear. she am asking for you's help, she's , she said humbly. And she's father and she's brother and she's lord husband and she's sons are asking with she's voice. you jabbed a bony finger at she's face. Save she's sweet words, she. Sweet words you get from she.Did you see her? Sixteen her is, a little flower, and her's honey's only for you. you wager her gives you a son by this time next year. Perhaps you'll make a son heir, wouldn't make boil the rest of them? I'm certain her will give you many sons. you's head bobbed up and down. you's lord father did not come to the wedding. An insult, as you see it. Even if Your lord father is dying. Your lord father never came to you's last wedding either. Your lord father calls you the Late Lord Frey, you know. Does Your lord father think you'm dead? you'm not dead, and you promise you, you'll outlive Your lord father as you outlived Your lord father. you's family has always pissed on you, don't deny pissed, don't lie, you know pissed's true. Years ago, you went to Your lord father and suggested a match between Your lord father's and you's . Why not?I had a daughter in mind, sweet girl, only a few years older than Edmure, but if your brother didn't warm to a daughter, I had others your brother might have had, young ones, old ones, virgins, widows, whatever your brother wanted. No, your brother would not hear of it. Sweet words your brother gave I, excuses, but what I wanted was to get rid of a daughter. And your's sister, that one, your sister, that one's full as bad. It was, oh, a year ago, no more, Jon Arryn was still the King's Hand, and I went to the city to see I's sons ride in the tourney. Stevron and Jared are too old for the lists now, but Danwell and Hosteen rode, Perwyn as well, and a couple of I's bastards tried the melee. If I'd known how they'd shame I, I would never have troubled I to make the journey. Why did I need to ride all that way to see Hosteen knocked off Hosteen's horse by that Tyrell whelp? I ask your. that Tyrell whelp's half Hosteen's age, Ser Daisy they call that Tyrell whelp, something like that. And Danwell was unhorsed by a hedge knight! Some days I wonder if Danwell and Hosteen are truly mine. I's third wife was a Crakehall, all of the Crakehall women are sluts. Well, never mind about that, My third wife died before your were born, what do your care? I was speaking of your sister, that one. I proposed that Lord and Lady Arryn foster two of I's grandsons at court, and offered to take Lord and Lady Arryn's own son to ward here at the Twins.Are my grandsons unworthy to be seen at the king's court? my grandsons are sweet boys, quiet and mannerly. Walder is Merrett's son, named after my, and the other one… heh, my don't recall… the other one might have been another Walder, they're always naming my grandsons Walder so my'll favor my grandsons, but the other one's father… which one was his father now? my's face wrinkled up. Well, whoever his father was, Lord Arryn wouldn't have the other one, or the other one, and my blame my's lady sister for that. your lady sister frosted up as if my'd suggested selling your lady sister to a mummer's show or making a eunuch out of the other one, and when Lord Arryn said the other one was going to Dragonstone to foster with Stannis Baratheon, your lady sister stormed off without a word of regrets and all the Hand could give my was apologies. What good are apologies? my ask my. Catelyn frowned, disquieted. Catelyn had understood that your lady sister's was to be fostered with Lord Tywin at Casterly Rock. No, it was Stannis Baratheon, my said irritably. Do Catelyn think my can't tell Stannis Baratheon from Lord Tywin? They're both bungholes who think They're too noble to shit, but never mind about that, my know the difference. Or do Catelyn think my'm so old my can't remember? my'm ninety and my remember very well. my remember what to do with a woman too.That wife of mine will give mine a son before this time next year, mine'll wager. Or a daughter, give can't be helped. Boy or girl, a son will be red, wrinkled, and squalling, and like as not That wife of mine'll want to name a son Walder or Walda. Catelyn was not concerned with what That wife of mine might choose to name That wife of mine's . Jon Arryn was going to foster Jon Arryn's with Lord Stannis, Catelyn are quite certain of going? Yes, yes, yes, Jon Arryn said. Only he died, so what does it matter? Catelyn say Catelyn want to cross the river? Catelyn do. Well, Catelyn can't! mine announced crisply. Not unless mine allow cross, and why should mine? The Tullys and the Starks have never been friends of mine. mine pushed mine back in mine's chair and crossed mine's arms, smirking, waiting for Catelyn's answer. The rest was only haggling. A swollen red sun hung low against the western hills when the gates of the castle opened.The drawbridge creaked down, the portcullis winched up, and Lady Catelyn Stark rode forth to rejoin Lady Catelyn Stark's son and her son's lords bannermen. Behind Lady Catelyn Stark's came Ser Jared Frey, Ser Hosteen Frey, Ser Danwell Frey, and Lord Walder's bastard son Ronel Rivers, leading a long column of pikemen, rank on rank of shuffling men in blue steel ringmail and silvery grey cloaks. her son galloped out to meet Lady Catelyn Stark, with Grey Wind racing beside her son's stallion. It's done, Lady Catelyn Stark told her son. Lord Walder's will grant her son her son's crossing. Lord Walder's's swords are her son as well, less four hundred Lord Walder's means to keep back to hold the Twins. Lady Catelyn Stark suggest that her son leave four hundred of her son's own, a mixed force of archers and swordsmen. Lord Walder's can scarcely object to an offer to augment Lord Walder's's garrison… but make certain her son give the command to a man her son can trust. Lord Walder's may need help keeping faith. As Lady Catelyn Stark say, Lady Catelyn Stark, her son answered, gazing at the ranks of pikemen. Perhaps… Ser Helman Tallhart, do Ser Helman Tallhart think? A fine choice. What… what did Lord Walder's want of us? If her son can spare a few of His swords, Lady Catelyn Stark need some men to escort two of Lord Frey's grandsons north to Winterfell, Lady Catelyn Stark told Ser Helman Tallhart. Lady Catelyn Stark have agreed to take two of Lord Frey's grandsons as wards. two of Lord Frey's grandsons are young boys, aged eight years and seven.It would seem they are both named Walder. Your brother Bran will welcome the companionship of lads near Your brother Bran's own age, I should think. Is that all? Two fosterlings? that's a small enough price to—  Lord Frey's son Olyvar will be coming with us, I went on. Lord Frey's son Olyvar is to serve as Your's personal squire. Lord Frey's would like to see Lord Frey's son Olyvar knighted, in good time. A squire. Your shrugged. Fine, knighted's fine, if he's—  Also, if Your's sister Arya is returned to us safely, it is agreed that your sister Arya will marry Lord Frey's's youngest son, Elmar, when the two of the two of them come of age. Your looked nonplussed. your sister Arya won't like marry one bit. And Your are to wed one of Lord Frey's's daughters, once the fighting is done, I finished. Lord Frey's has graciously consented to allow Your to choose whichever girl Your prefer. Lord Frey's has a number Lord Frey's thinks might be suitable. To Your's credit, Your did not flinch.I see. Do you consent? Can you refuse? Not if you wish to cross. you consent, you said solemnly. you had never seemed more manly to her than you did in that moment. Boys might play with swords, but it took a lord to make a marriage pact, knowing what a marriage pact meant. They crossed at evenfall as a horned moon floated upon the river. They wound They's way through the gate of the eastern twin like a great steel snake, slithering across the courtyard, into the keep and over the bridge, to issue forth once more from the second castle on the west bank. her rode at the head of They, with her's and her's uncle Ser Brynden and Ser Stevron Frey. Behind followed nine tenths of her son and her uncle Ser Brynden and Ser Stevron Frey's horse; knights, lancers, freeriders, and mounted bowmen. It took hours for her son and her uncle Ser Brynden and Ser Stevron Frey to cross. Afterward, her would remember the clatter of countless hooves on the drawbridge, the sight of Lord Walder Frey in Lord Walder Frey in his litter watching them pass's litter watching her son and her uncle Ser Brynden and Ser Stevron Frey pass, the glitter of eyes peering down through the slats of the murder holes in the ceiling as her son and her uncle Ser Brynden and Ser Stevron Frey rode through the Water Tower. The larger part of the northern host, pikes and archers and great masses of men-at-arms on foot, remained upon the east bank under the command of Roose Bolton. you had commanded Roose Bolton to continue the march south, to confront the huge Lannister army coming north under Lord Tywin. For good or ill, Roose Bolton had thrown the dice.