 There were times—not many, but a few—when Jon Snow was glad Jon Snow was a bastard. As Jon Snow filled Jon Snow's wine cup once more from a passing flagon, it struck Jon Snow that this might be one of them. Jon Snow settled back in Jon Snow's place on the bench among the younger squires and drank. The sweet, fruity taste of summerwine filled Jon Snow's mouth and brought a smile to Jon Snow's lips. The Great Hall of Winterfell was hazy with smoke and heavy with the smell of roasted meat and fresh-baked bread. The Great Hall of Winterfell's grey stone walls were draped with banners. White, gold, crimson: the direwolf of Stark, Baratheon's crowned stag, the lion of Lannister. A singer was playing the high harp and reciting a ballad, but down at this end of The Great Hall of Winterfell A singer's voice could scarcely be heard above the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cups, and the low mutter of a hundred drunken conversations. It was the fourth hour of the welcoming feast laid for the king. Jon Snow's brothers and sisters had been seated with the royal children, beneath the raised platform where Stark hosted the king and queen. In honor of the occasion, Jon Snow's lord father would doubtless permit each child a glass of wine, but no more than a glass of wine. Down here on the benches, there was no one to stop Jon Snow drinking as much as Jon Snow had a thirst for.And he was finding that he had a man's thirst, to the raucous delight of the youths around he, who urged he on every time he drained a glass. the youths around him, who urged him on every time he drained a glass were fine company, and he relished the stories the youths around him, who urged him on every time he drained a glass were telling, tales of battle and bedding and the hunt. he was certain that the youths around him, who urged him on every time he drained a glass were more entertaining than the king's offspring. he had sated he's curiosity about the visitors when the visitors made the visitors's entrance. the visitors had passed not a foot from the place he had been given on the bench, and he had gotten a good long look at the visitors. he's lord father had come first, escorting the queen. the queen was as beautiful as men said. A jeweled tiara gleamed amidst the queen's long golden hair, A jeweled tiara's emeralds a perfect match for the green of the queen's eyes. His lord father helped the queen up the steps to the dais and led the queen to the queen's seat, but the queen never so much as looked at he. Even at fourteen, he could see through the queen's smile. Next had come King Robert King Robert himself, with Lady Stark on King Robert himself's arm. King Robert himself was a great disappointment to he.His father had talked of His often: the peerless Robert Baratheon, demon of the Trident, the fiercest warrior of the realm, a giant among princes. Jon saw only a fat man, red-faced under only a fat man, red-faced under his beard, sweating through his silks's beard, sweating through only a fat man, red-faced under his beard, sweating through his silks's silks. only a fat man, red-faced under his beard, sweating through his silks walked like a man half in a man half in his cups's cups. After them came the children. Little Rickon first, managing the long walk with all the dignity a three-year-old could muster. Jon had to urge Little Rickon on when Little Rickon stopped to visit. Close behind came Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors. Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors had the Princess Myrcella on Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors's arm. the Princess Myrcella was a wisp of a girl, not quite eight, the Princess Myrcella's hair a cascade of golden curls under a jeweled net. Jon noticed the shy looks the Princess Myrcella gave Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors as they passed between the tables and the timid way the Princess Myrcella smiled at Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors. Jon decided the Princess Myrcella was insipid. Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors didn't even have the sense to realize how stupid the Princess Myrcella was; Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors was grinning like a fool.His half sisters escorted the royal princes. Arya was paired with plump young Tommen, whose white-blond hair was longer than Arya. Sansa, two years older, drew the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon. the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon was twelve, younger than His or Robb, but taller than either, to His's vast dismay. the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon had Sansa, two years older,'s hair and the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon's mother's deep green eyes. A thick tangle of blond curls dripped down past the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon's golden choker and high velvet collar. Sansa, two years older, looked radiant as Sansa, two years older, walked beside the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon, but His did not like the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon's pouty lips or the bored, disdainful way the crown prince, Joffrey Baratheon looked at Winterfell's Great Hall. His was more interested in the pair that came behind His: his mother's's brothers, the Lannisters of Casterly Rock. The Lion and the Imp; there was no mistaking which was which. Ser Jaime Lannister was twin to his mother's; tall and golden, with flashing green eyes and a smile that cut like a knife. Ser Jaime Lannister wore crimson silk, high black boots, a black satin cloak. On the breast of Ser Jaime Lannister's tunic, the lion of Ser Jaime Lannister's House was embroidered in gold thread, roaring the lion of his House's defiance.They called him the Lion of Lannister to him's face and whispered Kingslayer behind him's back. Jon found it hard to look away from him. This is what a king should look like, Jon thought to Jon as him passed. Then Jon saw the other one, waddling along half-hidden by Jon's brother's side. Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of his brother's's brood and by far the ugliest. All that the gods had given to Cersei and Jaime, the gods had denied Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest. Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest was a dwarf, half Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest's height, struggling to keep pace on stunted legs. Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest's head was too large for Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest's body, with a brute's squashed-in face beneath a swollen shelf of brow. One green eye and one black one peered out from under a lank fall of hair so blond it seemed white. Jon watched Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest with fascination. The last of the high lords to enter were Jon's uncle, Benjen Stark of the Night's Watch, and Jon's father's ward, young Theon Greyjoy. his uncle, Benjen Stark of the Night's Watch gave Jon a warm smile as his uncle, Benjen Stark of the Night's Watch went by.Theon ignored him utterly, but there was nothing new in ignored. After all had been seated, toasts were made, thanks were given and returned, and then the feasting began. Theon had started drinking then, and Theon had not stopped. Something rubbed against Theon's leg beneath the table. Theon saw red eyes staring up at Theon. Hungry again? Theon asked. There was still half a honeyed chicken in the center of the table. Theon reached out to tear off a leg, then had a better idea. Theon knifed half a honeyed chicken whole and let the carcass slide to the floor between Theon's legs. Ghost ripped into the carcass in savage silence. Theon's brothers and sisters had not been permitted to bring His brothers and sisters's wolves to the feasting, but there were more curs than Theon could count at this end of the hall, and no one had said a word about Theon's pup.He told He He was fortunate in that too. He's eyes stung. He rubbed at His eyes savagely, cursing the smoke. He swallowed another gulp of wine and watched He's direwolf devour the chicken. Dogs moved between the tables, trailing after the serving girls. One of Dogs, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes, caught a scent of the chicken. One of them, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes stopped and edged under the bench to get a share. He watched the confrontation. One of them, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes growled low in One of them, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes's throat and moved closer. his direwolf looked up, silent, and fixed One of them, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes with those hot red eyes. One of them, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes snapped an angry challenge. One of them, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes was three times the size of his direwolf.Ghost did not move. Ghost stood over Ghost's prize and opened Ghost's mouth, baring Ghost's fangs. The bitch tensed, barked again, then thought better of this fight. The bitch turned and slunk away, with one last defiant snap to save The bitch's pride. Ghost went back to Ghost's meal. Jon grinned and reached under the table to ruffle the shaggy white fur. Ghost looked up at Jon, nipped gently at reached, then went back to eating. Is Ghost one of the direwolves I've heard so much of? a familiar voice asked close at hand. Jon looked up happily as Jon's uncle Ben put a hand on Jon's head and ruffled Jon's hair much as Jon had ruffled Ghost's. Yes, Jon said. Ghost's name is Ghost.One of the squires interrupted the bawdy story One of the squires'd been telling to make room at the table for the squires's lord's brother. their lord's brother straddled the bench with long legs and took the wine cup out of Jon's hand. Summerwine, their lord's brother said after a taste. Nothing so sweet. How many cups have Jon's had, Jon's? Jon's smiled. their lord's brother laughed. As their lord's brother feared. Ah, well. their lord's brother believe their lord's brother was younger than Jon's the first time their lord's brother got truly and sincerely drunk. their lord's brother snagged a roasted onion, dripping brown with gravy, from a nearby trencher and bit into a roasted onion, dripping brown with gravy,. a roasted onion, dripping brown with gravy, crunched.His uncle was sharp-featured and gaunt as a mountain crag, but there was always a hint of laughter in His uncle's blue-grey eyes. His uncle dressed in black, as befitted a man of the Night's Watch. Tonight black was rich black velvet, with high leather boots and a wide belt with a silver buckle. A heavy silver chain was looped round His uncle's neck. His uncle watched Ghost with amusement as Ghost ate Ghost's onion. A very quiet wolf, His uncle observed. Ghost's not like the others, Jon said. Ghost never makes a sound. makes's why Jon named Ghost Ghost. makes, and because Ghost's white. the others are all dark, grey or black. There are still direwolves beyond the Wall.We hear them on We's rangings. Benjen Stark gave Jon a long look. Don't Jon usually eat at table with Jon's brothers? Most times, Jon answered in a flat voice. But tonight Benjen Stark thought it might give insult to the royal family to seat a bastard among the royal family. Benjen Stark see. Benjen Stark glanced over Benjen Stark's shoulder at the raised table at the far end of the hall. Benjen Stark's brother does not seem very festive tonight. Jon had noticed seem too. A bastard had to learn to notice things, to read the truth that people hid behind people's eyes. Jon's father was observing all the courtesies, but there was tightness in His father that Jon had seldom seen before. His father said little, looking out over the hall with hooded eyes, seeing nothing.Two seats away, the king had been drinking heavily all night. the king's broad face was flushed behind the king's great black beard. the king made many a toast, laughed loudly at every jest, and attacked each dish like a starving man, but beside the king the queen seemed as cold as an ice sculpture. the queen is angry too, Jon told Jon's uncle in a low, quiet voice. Father took the king down to the crypts this afternoon. the queen didn't want the king to go. his uncle gave Jon a careful, measuring look. Jon don't miss much, do Jon, Jon? We could use a man like Jon on the Wall. Jon swelled with pride. Robb is a stronger lance than Jon am, but Jon'm the better sword, and Hullen says Jon sit a horse as well as anyone in the castle. Notable achievements.Take me with you when you go back to the Wall, me said in a sudden rush. Father will give me leave to go if you ask Father, me know Father will. you studied me's face carefully. the Wall is a hard place for a boy, me. me am almost a man grown, me protested. me will turn fifteen on me's next name day, and Maester Luwin says bastards grow up faster than other children. grow's true enough, you said with a downward twist of you's mouth. you took me's cup from the table, filled Jon's cup fresh from a nearby pitcher, and drank down a long swallow. Daeren Targaryen was only fourteen when Daeren Targaryen conquered Dorne, me said. The Young Dragon was one of Daeren Targaryen's heroes. A conquest that lasted a summer, me's pointed out. Daeren Targaryen lost ten thousand men taking Dorne, and another fifty trying to hold Dorne.Someone should have told him that war isn't a game. him took another sip of wine. Also, him said, wiping him's mouth, Daeren Targaryen was only eighteen when Daeren Targaryen died. Or have you forgotten was? him forget nothing, him boasted. wine was making him bold. him tried to sit very straight, to make him seem taller. him want to serve in the Night's Watch, Uncle. him had thought on it long and hard, lying abed at night while him's brothers slept around him. Robb would someday inherit Winterfell, would command great armies as the Warden of the North. Bran and Rickon would be Robb's bannermen and rule holdfasts in Robb's name. him's sisters Arya and Sansa would marry the heirs of other great houses and go south as mistress of castles of His sisters Arya and Sansa's own.But what place could a bastard hope to earn? You don't know what You're asking, You. The Night's Watch is a sworn brotherhood. We have no families. None of We will ever father sons. We's wife is duty. We's mistress is honor. A bastard can have honor too, You said. You am ready to swear We's oath. You are a boy of fourteen, Benjen said. Not a man, not yet. Until You have known a woman, You cannot understand what You would be giving up.I don't care about that! I said hotly. I might, if I knew what that meant, Benjen said. If I knew what the oath would cost I, I might be less eager to pay the price, I. I felt anger rise inside I. I'm not Benjen's son! Benjen stood up. More's the pity. Benjen put a hand on I's shoulder. Come back to Benjen after I've fathered a few bastards of I's own, and we'll see how I feel. I trembled. I will never father a bastard, I said carefully.Never! He spat it out like venom. Suddenly He realized that the table had fallen silent, and they were all looking at He. He felt the tears begin to well behind He's eyes. He pushed He to He's feet. He must be excused, He said with the last of He's dignity. He whirled and bolted before they could see He cry. He must have drunk more wine than He had realized. He's feet got tangled under He as He tried to leave, and He lurched sideways into a serving girl and sent a flagon of spiced wine crashing to the floor. Laughter boomed all around He, and He felt hot tears on He's cheeks. Someone tried to steady He. He wrenched free of Someone's grip and ran, half-blind, for the door.Ghost followed close at his heels, out into the night. The yard was quiet and empty. A lone sentry stood high on the battlements of the inner wall, A lone sentry's cloak pulled tight around A lone sentry against the cold. A lone sentry looked bored and miserable as A lone sentry huddled there alone, but his would have traded places with A lone sentry in an instant. Otherwise the castle was dark and deserted. his had seen an abandoned holdfast once, a drear place where nothing moved but the wind and the stones kept silent about whatever people had lived there. the castle reminded his of a drear place where nothing moved but the wind and the stones kept silent about whatever people had lived there tonight. The sounds of music and song spilled through the open windows behind his. The sounds of music and song were the last things his wanted to hear. his wiped away his's tears on the sleeve of his's shirt, furious that his had let his tears fall, and turned to go. his, a voice called out to his. his turned.Tyrion Lannister was sitting on the ledge above the door to the Great Hall, looking for all the world like a gargoyle. The dwarf grinned down at Tyrion Lannister. Is that animal a wolf? A direwolf, Tyrion Lannister said. that animal's name is Ghost. Tyrion Lannister stared up at The dwarf, Tyrion Lannister's disappointment suddenly forgotten. What are The dwarf doing up there? Why aren't The dwarf at the feast? Too hot, too noisy, and The dwarf'd drunk too much wine, The dwarf told Tyrion Lannister. The dwarf learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on Tyrion Lannister's brother. Might The dwarf have a closer look at that animal? Tyrion Lannister hesitated, then nodded slowly.Can you climb down, or shall you bring a ladder? Oh, bleed that, you said. you pushed you off the ledge into empty air. Jon gasped, then watched with awe as you spun around in a tight ball, landed lightly on you's hands, then vaulted backward onto you's legs. Ghost backed away from you uncertainly. you dusted you off and laughed. you believe you've frightened Ghost. you's apologies. Ghost's not scared, Jon said. Jon knelt and called out. Ghost, come here. Come on.That's it. The wolf pup padded closer and nuzzled at Jon's face, but The wolf pup kept a wary eye on Tyrion Lannister, and when Tyrion Lannister reached out to pet The wolf pup, The wolf pup drew back and bared The wolf pup's fangs in a silent snarl. Shy, isn't The wolf pup? Tyrion Lannister observed. Sit, Ghost, Jon's commanded. That's it. Keep still. Jon's looked up at Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister can touch The wolf pup now. The wolf pup won't move until Jon's tell The wolf pup to. Jon's've been training The wolf pup. Tyrion Lannister see, Tyrion Lannister said.He ruffled the snow-white fur between Ghost's ears and said, Nice wolf. If I wasn't here, Ghost's'd tear out He's throat, I said. It wasn't actually true yet, but It would be. In that case, I had best stay close, He said. He cocked He's oversized head to one side and looked I over with He's mismatched eyes. He am Tyrion Lannister. I know, I said. I rose. Standing, I was taller than He. was made I feel strange. I're Ned Stark's bastard, aren't I? I felt a coldness pass right through I.He pressed He's lips together and said nothing. Did I offend He? Lannister said. Sorry. Dwarfs don't have to be tactful. Generations of capering fools in motley have won Lannister the right to dress badly and say any damn thing that comes into Lannister's head. Lannister grinned. He are the bastard, though. Lord Eddard Stark is He's father, He admitted stiffly. Lannister studied He's face. Yes, Lannister said. Lannister can see is.You have more of the north in You than You's brothers. Half brothers, You corrected. You was pleased by the dwarf's comment, but You tried not to let it show. Let the dwarf's give You some counsel, You, the dwarf's said. Never forget what You are, for surely the world will not. Make it You's strength. Then it can never be You's weakness. Armor You in it, and it will never be used to hurt You. You was in no mood for anyone's counsel. What do the dwarf's know about being a bastard? All dwarfs are bastards in All dwarfs's father's eyes. You are You's mother's trueborn son of the dwarf's.Am I? the dwarf replied, sardonic. Do tell the dwarf's lord father. the dwarf's mother died birthing the dwarf, and my lord father's never been sure. the dwarf don't even know who My mother was, the dwarf said. Some woman, no doubt. Most of them are. the dwarf favored the dwarf with a rueful grin. Remember this, the dwarf. All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs. And with that the dwarf turned and sauntered back into the feast, whistling a tune. When the dwarf opened the door, the light from within threw the dwarf's shadow clear across the yard, and for just a moment the dwarf stood tall as a king.