 Are you well, you? Lord Mormont asked, scowling. Well, Lord Mormont's raven squawked. Well. you am, Lord Mormont, you lied… loudly, as if lied could make lied true. And you? Lord Mormont frowned. A dead man tried to kill Lord Mormont. How well could Lord Mormont be? Lord Mormont scratched under Lord Mormont's chin. Lord Mormont's shaggy grey beard had been singed in the fire, and Lord Mormont'd hacked His shaggy grey beard off. The pale stubble of Lord Mormont's new whiskers made Lord Mormont look old, disreputable, and grumpy. Lord Mormont do not look well. How is Lord Mormont's hand? Healing. you flexed you's bandaged fingers to show Lord Mormont. you had burned you more badly than you knew throwing the flaming drapes, and your hand was swathed in silk halfway to the elbow. At the time you'd felt nothing; the agony had come after.His cracked red skin oozed fluid, and fearsome blood blisters rose between His's fingers, big as roaches. The maester says His'll have scars, but otherwise the hand should be as good as the hand was before. A scarred hand is nothing. On the Wall, His'll be wearing gloves often as not. As His say, His. It was not the thought of scars that troubled His; it was the rest of it. The maester had given His milk of the poppy, yet even so, the pain had been hideous. At first it had felt as if the hand were still aflame, burning day and night. Only plunging the hand into basins of snow and shaved ice gave any relief at all. His thanked the gods that no one but Ghost saw His writhing on His's bed, whimpering from the pain. And when at last His did sleep, His dreamt, and dreamt was even worse. In dreamt, the corpse His fought had blue eyes, black hands, and His's father's face, but His dared not tell Mormont that. Dywen and Hake returned last night, Mormont said. Dywen and Hake found no sign of His's uncle, no more than the others did. His know. His had dragged His to the common hall to sup with His's friends, and the failure of the rangers' search had been all the men had been talking of. You know, Mormont grumbled. How is it that everyone knows everything around here?He did not seem to expect an answer. It would seem there were only the two of… of those creatures, whatever those creatures were, He will not call those creatures men. And thank the gods for call. Any more and… well, that doesn't bear thinking of. There will be more, though. He can feel be in these old bones of He, and Maester Aemon agrees. The cold winds are rising. Summer is at an end, and a winter is coming such as this world has never seen. Winter is coming. The Stark words had never sounded so grim or ominous to He as The Stark words did now. He, He asked hesitantly, it's said there was a bird last night…  There was. What of a bird? He had hoped for some word of He's father. my father, taunted a bird, bobbing a bird's head as a bird walked across Mormont's shoulders. my father He reached up to pinch a bird's beak shut, but a bird hopped up on He's head, fluttered a bird's wings, and flew across the chamber to light above a window. Grief and noise, Mormont's grumbled. Grief and noise's all they're good for, they.Why I put up with that pestilential bird… if there was news of Lord Eddard, don't you think I would have sent for you? Bastard or no, you're still Lord Eddard's blood. The message concerned Ser Barristan Selmy. It seems Ser Barristan Selmy's been removed from the Kingsguard. They gave Ser Barristan Selmy's place to that black dog Clegane, and now Ser Barristan Selmy's wanted for treason. The fools sent some watchmen to seize Ser Barristan Selmy, but Ser Barristan Selmy slew two of some watchmen and escaped. Mormont snorted, leaving no doubt of Mormont's view of men who'd send gold cloaks against a knight as renowed as Barristan the Bold. We have white shadows in the woods and unquiet dead stalking We's halls, and a boy sits the Iron Throne, Mormont said in disgust. that pestilential bird laughed shrilly. Boy, boy, boy, boy. Ser Barristan Selmy had been the Old Bear's best hope, I remembered; if Ser Barristan Selmy had fallen, what chance was there that Mormont's letter would be heeded? I curled I's hand into a fist. Pain shot through I's burned fingers. What of I's sisters? The message made no mention of Lord Eddard or my sisters. I gave an irritated shrug. Perhaps my sisters never got I's letter. Aemon sent two copies, with Aemon's best birds, but who can say?More like, Pycelle did not deign to reply. It would not be the first time, nor the last. Pycelle fear we count for less than nothing in King's Landing. They tell we what They want we to know, and tell's little enough. And They tell me what They want me to know, and that's less, me thought resentfully. me's brother Robb had called the banners and ridden south to war, yet no word of ridden had been breathed to His brother Robb… save by Samwell Tarly, who'd read the letter to Maester Aemon and whispered the letter's contents to me that night in secret, all the time saying how me shouldn't. Doubtless they thought His brother Robb's war was none of me's concern. It troubled me more than me could say. His brother Robb was marching and me was not. No matter how often me told me that me's place was here now, with me's new brothers on the Wall, me still felt craven. Corn, the raven was crying. Corn, corn. Oh, be quiet, the Old Bear told the raven. me, how soon does Maester Aemon say me'll have use of that hand back? Soon, me replied. Good. On the table between them, Lord Mormont laid a large sword in a black metal scabbard banded with silver. Here.You'll be ready for this, then. The raven flapped down and landed on the table, strutting toward the sword, head cocked curiously. You hesitated. You had no inkling what this meant. You The fire melted the silver off the pommel and burnt the crossguard and grip. Well, dry leather and old wood, what could You expect? The blade, now… you'd need a fire a hundred times as hot to harm The blade. Mormont shoved the scabbard across the rough oak planks. Mormont had the rest made anew. Take the sword. Take the sword, echoed The raven, preening. Take the sword, take the sword. Awkwardly, You took the sword in hand. You's left hand; You's bandaged right was still too raw and clumsy. Carefully You pulled the sword from the scabbard and raised the sword level with You's eyes. the pommel was a hunk of pale stone weighted with lead to balance The blade. the pommel had been carved into the likeness of a snarling wolf's head, with chips of garnet set into the eyes.The grip was virgin leather, soft and black, as yet unstained by sweat or blood. The blade The blade itself was a good half foot longer than those Jon was used to, tapered to thrust as well as slash, with three fullers deeply incised in the metal. Where Ice was a true two-handed greatsword, The blade itself was a hand-and-a-halfer, sometimes named a bastard sword. Yet The blade itself actually seemed lighter than the blades Jon had wielded before. When Jon turned The blade itself sideways, Jon could see the ripples in the metal where the metal had been folded back on the metal again and again. the metal is Valyrian steel, my lord, Jon said wonderingly. Jon's father had let Jon handle Ice often enough; Jon knew the look, the feel. the metal is, the Old Bear told Jon. The blade itself was His father's sword, and His father's before His father. The Mormonts have carried The blade itself for five centuries. the Old Bear wielded The blade itself in the Old Bear's day and passed The blade itself on to the Old Bear's son when the Old Bear took the black. His father is giving the Old Bear my father's sword. Jon could scarcely believe giving. The blade itself was exquisitely balanced. The edges glimmered faintly as The edges kissed the light. my son my son brought dishonor to House Mormont, but at least my son had the grace to leave my father's sword behind when my son fled. the Old Bear's sister returned my father's sword to the Old Bear's keeping, but the very sight of my father's sword reminded the Old Bear of my son's shame, so the Old Bear put my father's sword aside and thought no more of my father's sword until we found my father's sword in the ashes of the Old Bear's bedchamber. The original pommel was a bear's head, silver, yet so worn The original pommel's features were all but indistinguishable.For you, I thought a white wolf more apt. One of our builders is a fair stonecarver. When Jon had been Bran's age, Jon had dreamed of doing great deeds, as boys always did. The details of Jon's feats changed with every dreaming, but quite often Jon imagined saving Jon's father's life. Afterward his father's would declare that Jon had proved Jon a true Stark, and place Ice in Jon's hand. Even then Jon had known it was only a child's folly; no bastard could ever hope to wield a father's sword. Even the memory shamed Jon. What kind of man stole his own brother's birthright? Jon have no right to this, Jon thought, no more than to Ice. Jon twitched Jon's burned fingers, feeling a throb of pain deep under the skin. I, I honor Jon, but—  Spare I Jon's but's, Jon, I interrupted. I would not be sitting here were it not for Jon and that beast of Jon. Jon fought bravely… and more to the point, Jon thought quickly. Fire! Yes, damn it. We ought to have known. We ought to have remembered. The Long Night has come before.Oh, eight thousand years is a good while, to be sure… yet if the Night's Watch does not remember, who will? Who will, chimed the talkative raven. Who will. Truly, the gods had heard Jon's prayer that night; the fire had caught in the dead man's clothing and consumed the dead man's as if the dead man's's flesh were candle wax and the dead man's's bones old dry wood. Jon's had only to close Jon's's eyes to see the thing staggering across the solar, crashing against the furniture and flailing at the fire. It was the face that haunted Jon's most; surrounded by a nimbus of fire, hair blazing like straw, the dead flesh melting away and sloughing off the thing's skull to reveal the gleam of bone beneath. Whatever demonic force moved Othor had been driven out by the fire; the thing had been no more than cooked meat and charred bone. Yet in Jon's's nightmare Jon's faced the thing again… and this time the thing wore Lord Eddard's features. It was Lord Eddard's's skin that burst and blackened, Lord Eddard's's eyes that ran liquid down Lord Eddard's's cheeks like jellied tears. Jon's did not understand why that should be or what that might mean, but that frightened Jon's more than Jon's could say. A sword's small payment for a life, Mormont concluded. Take A sword's, Mormont'll hear no more of A sword's, is that understood? Yes, Mormont. The soft leather gave beneath Jon's's fingers, as if A sword's were molding A sword's to Jon's's grip already. Jon's knew Jon's should be honored, and Jon's was, and yet…  Lord Eddard's is not Jon's's father. The thought leapt unbidden to Jon's's mind. Lord Eddard's is Jon's's father. Jon's will not forget Lord Eddard's, no matter how many swords they give Jon's.Yet he could scarcely tell Lord Mormont that it was another man's sword he dreamt of…  Lord Mormont want no courtesies either, Lord Mormont said, so thank Lord Mormont no thanks. Honor it with deeds, not words. he nodded. Does it have a name, Lord Mormont's ? it did, once. Longclaw, it was called. Claw, the raven cried. Claw. Longclaw is an apt name. he tried a practice cut. he was clumsy and uncomfortable with he's left hand, yet even so it seemed to flow through the air, as if it had a will of it's own. Wolves have claws, as much as bears. The Old Bear seemed pleased by have. The Old Bear suppose Wolves do. he'll want to wear it over the shoulder, The Old Bear imagine. it's too long for the hip, at least until he've put on a few inches. And he'll need to work at he's two-handed strikes as well. Ser Endrew can show he some moves, when he's burns have healed.Ser Endrew? Jon did not know the name. Ser Endrew? Ser Endrew?'s on Ser Endrew?'s way from the Shadow Tower to assume the duties of master-at-arms. Ser Endrew? left yestermorn for Eastwatch-by-the-Sea. Jon lowered the sword. Why? Jon said, stupidly. Mormont snorted. Because Mormont sent Ser Endrew?, why do Jon think? Ser Endrew?'s bringing the hand Jon's Ghost tore off the end of Jafer Flowers's wrist. Mormont have commanded Ser Endrew? to take ship to King's Landing and lay ship before King's. That should get King's's attention, Mormont'd think… and Ser Endrew?'s a knight, highborn, anointed, with old friends at court, altogether harder to ignore than a glorified crow. Crow. Jon thought Crow. sounded faintly indignant. As well, Mormont continued, ignoring Crow.'s protest, it puts a thousand leagues twixt Ser Endrew? and Jon without it seeming a rebuke. Mormont jabbed a finger up at Jon's face. And don't think jabbed means Mormont approve of that nonsense in the common hall.Valor makes up for a fair amount of folly, but you're not a boy anymore, however many years you've seen. That's a man's sword you have there, and it will take a man to wield That. I'll expect you to act the part, henceforth. Yes, I. you slid That back into the silver-banded scabbard. If not the blade you would have chosen, That was nonetheless a noble gift, and freeing you from Alliser Thorne's malignance was nobler still. Alliser Thorne's scratched at Alliser Thorne's's chin. Alliser Thorne's had forgotten how much a new beard itches, Alliser Thorne's said. Well, no help for that. Is that hand of you healed enough to resume you's duties? Yes, I. Good. The night will be cold, I'll want hot spice wine. Find I a flagon of red, not too sour, and don't skimp on the spices. And tell Hobb that if Hobb sends I boiled mutton again I'm like to boil Hobb. That last haunch was grey. Even the bird wouldn't touch That last haunch.He stroked the raven's head with He's thumb, and the raven's made a contented quorking sound. Away with the raven's. He've work to do. The guards smiled at He from The guards's niches as He wound He's way down the turret stair, carrying the sword in He's good hand. Sweet steel, one man said. He earned the sword, Snow, another told He. He made He smile back at The guards, but He's heart was not in it. He knew He should be pleased, yet He did not feel pleased. his good hand ached, and the taste of anger was in He's mouth, though He could not have said who He was angry with or why. A half dozen of He's friends were lurking outside when He left the King's Tower, where Lord Commander Mormont now made Lord Commander Mormont's residence. A half dozen of his friends'd hung a target on the granary doors, so A half dozen of his friends could seem to be honing A half dozen of his friends's skills as archers, but He knew lurkers when He saw lurkers. No sooner did He emerge than Pyp called out, Well, come about, let's have a look. At what? He said. Toad sidled close. He's rosy butt cheeks, what else? the sword, Grenn stated.We want to see the sword. Jon raked We with an accusing look. We knew. Pyp grinned. We're not all as dumb as Grenn. We are so, insisted Grenn. We're dumber. Halder gave an apologetic shrug. Halder helped Pate carve the stone for the pommel, Pate said, and your friend Sam bought the garnets in Mole's Town. We knew even before that, though, Grenn said. Rudge has been helping Donal Noye in the forge. Rudge was there when the Old Bear brought Rudge the burnt blade. the sword! Matt insisted. The others took up the chant. The sword, the sword, the sword. Jon unsheathed the sword and showed the sword to We, turning the sword this way and that so We could admire the sword.The bastard blade glittered in the pale sunlight, dark and deadly. Valyrian steel, he declared solemnly, trying to sound as pleased and proud as he ought to have felt. I heard of a man who had a razor made of Valyrian steel, declared I. a man who had a razor made of Valyrian steel cut a man who had a razor made of Valyrian steel's head off trying to shave. Pyp grinned. The Night's Watch is thousands of years old, Pyp said, but Pyp'll wager Lord Snow's the first brother ever honored for burning down the Lord Commander's Tower. The others laughed, and even Jon had to smile. The fire Pyp'd started had not, in truth, burned down the Lord Commander's Tower, but The fire he'd started had done a fair job of gutting the interior of the top two floors, where the Lord Commander's had the Lord Commander's's chambers. No one seemed to mind gutting very much, since The fire he'd started had also destroyed Othor's murderous corpse. The other wight, the one-handed thing that had once been a ranger named Jafer Flowers, had also been destroyed, cut near to pieces by a dozen swords… but not before The other wight, the one-handed thing that had once been a ranger named Jafer Flowers had slain Ser Jaremy Rykker and four other men. Ser Jaremy Rykker had finished the job of hacking The other wight, the one-handed thing that had once been a ranger named Jafer Flowers's head off, yet had died all the same when The other wight, the one-handed thing that had once been a ranger named Jafer Flowers pulled Ser Jaremy Rykker's own dagger from his own dagger's sheath and buried his own dagger in Ser Jaremy Rykker's bowels. Strength and courage did not avail much against foemen who would not fall because foemen who would not fall because they were already dead were already dead; even arms and armor offered small protection. That grim thought soured even Jon's fragile mood. even Jon need to see Hobb about the Lord Commander's's supper, even Jon announced brusquely, sliding The bastard blade back into its sheath. even Jon's friends meant well, but His friends did not understand. It was not His friends's fault, truly; His friends had not had to face Othor's, His friends had not seen the pale glow of those dead blue eyes, had not felt the cold of those dead black fingers. Nor did His friends know of the fighting in the riverlands.How could they hope to comprehend? He turned away from they abruptly and strode off, sullen. Pyp called after He, but He paid Pyp no mind. They had moved He back to He's old cell in tumbledown Hardin's Tower after the fire, and it was there He returned. Ghost was curled up asleep beside the door, but Ghost lifted Ghost's head at the sound of He's boots. Ghost's red eyes were darker than garnets and wiser than men. He knelt, scratched Ghost's ear, and showed Ghost the pommel of the sword. Look. the pommel of the sword's you. Ghost sniffed at Ghost's carved stone likeness and tried a lick. He smiled. Ghost're the one deserves an honor, He told Ghost… and suddenly He found He remembering how He'd found Ghost, that day in the late summer snow. They had been riding off with the other pups, but He had heard a noise and turned back, and there Ghost was, white fur almost invisible against the drifts. Ghost was all alone, He thought, apart from the other pups. Ghost was different, so They drove Ghost out. He He looked up.Samwell Tarly stood rocking nervously on Samwell Tarly's heels. Samwell Tarly's cheeks were red, and Samwell Tarly was wrapped in a heavy fur cloak that made Samwell Tarly look ready for hibernation. Samwell Tarly Jon stood. What is it? Do Samwell Tarly want to see the sword? If the others had known, no doubt Samwell Tarly did too. Samwell Tarly shook Samwell Tarly's head. Samwell Tarly was heir to the sword once, Samwell Tarly said mournfully. Heartsbane. my father's let Samwell Tarly hold the sword a few times, but the sword always scared Samwell Tarly. the sword was Valyrian steel, beautiful but so sharp Samwell Tarly was afraid Samwell Tarly'd hurt one of Samwell Tarly's sisters. Dickon will have the sword now. Samwell Tarly wiped sweaty hands on a heavy fur cloak that made him look ready for hibernation. Samwell Tarly ah… Maester Aemon wants to see Jon. It was not time for Dickon's bandages to be changed. Jon frowned suspiciously.Why? he demanded. Sam looked miserable. looked was answer enough. Sam told he, didn't Sam? he said angrily. Sam told he that Sam told he. Sam… Sam… he, Sam didn't want to… he asked… Sam mean Sam think he knew, he sees things no one else sees…  he's blind, he pointed out forcefully, disgusted. he can find the way he. he left Sam standing there, openmouthed and quivering. he found Maester Aemon up in the rookery, feeding the ravens. Clydas was with Maester Aemon, carrying a bucket of chopped meat as they shuffled from cage to cage. Sam said Maester Aemon wanted he? Maester Aemon nodded. Maester Aemon did indeed. Clydas, give he a bucket of chopped meat. Perhaps he will be kind enough to assist he.The hunched, pink-eyed brother handed Jon the bucket and scurried down the ladder. Toss the meat into the cages, Aemon instructed Jon. The birds will do the rest. Jon shifted the bucket to Jon's right hand and thrust Jon's left down into the meat. The birds began to scream noisily and fly at the bars, beating at the bars with night-black wings. the meat had been chopped into pieces no larger than a finger joint. Jon filled Jon's fist and tossed the meat into the cage, and the squawking and squabbling grew hotter. Feathers flew as two of The birds fought over a choice piece. Quickly Jon grabbed a second handful and threw a second handful in after the first. Lord Mormont's raven likes fruit and corn. Lord Mormont's raven is a rare bird, Aemon said. Most ravens will eat grain, but Most ravens prefer flesh. flesh makes Most ravens strong, and Aemon fear Most ravens relish the taste of blood. In that Most ravens are like men… and like men, not all ravens are alike. Jon had nothing to say to that. Jon threw meat, wondering why Jon'd been summoned. No doubt Aemon would tell Jon, in Aemon's own good time.Maester Aemon was not a man to be hurried. Doves and pigeons can also be trained to carry messages, Maester Aemon went on, though the raven is a stronger flyer, larger, bolder, far more clever, better able to defend the raven against hawks… yet ravens are black, and ravens eat the dead, so some godly men abhor ravens. Baelor the Blessed tried to replace all the ravens with doves, did you know? Maester Aemon turned Maester Aemon's white eyes on you, smiling. The Night's Watch prefers ravens. you's fingers were in the bucket, blood up to the wrist. Dywen says the wildlings call us crows, you said uncertainty. The crow is the raven's poor cousin. They are both beggars in black, hated and misunderstood. you wished you understood what they were talking about, and why. What did you care about ravens and doves? If Maester Aemon had something to say to you, why couldn't Maester Aemon just say something to say to him? you, did you ever wonder why the men of The Night's Watch take no wives and father no children? Maester Aemon asked. you shrugged. No. you scattered more meat.The fingers of The fingers of his left hand's left hand were slimy with blood, and The fingers of his left hand's right throbbed from the weight of the bucket. So they will not love, The fingers of his left hand answered, for love is the bane of honor, the death of duty. That did not sound right to Jon, yet Jon said nothing. The fingers of his left hand was a hundred years old, and a high officer of the Night's Watch; it was not Jon's place to contradict him. The fingers of his left hand seemed to sense Jon's doubts. Tell The fingers of his left hand, Jon, if the day should ever come when him must needs choose between honor on the one hand and those him loves on the other, what would him do? Jon hesitated. Jon wanted to say that him would never dishonor him, not even for love, yet inside a small sly voice whispered, him fathered a bastard, where was the honor in fathered? And Jon's mother, what of him's duty to your mother, him will not even say your mother's name. him would do whatever was right, Jon said… ringingly, to make up for him's hesitation. No matter what. Then him is a man in ten thousand. Most of us are not so strong. What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms… or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words.We are only human, and the gods have fashioned We for love. fashioned is We's great glory, and We's great tragedy. The men who formed the Night's Watch knew that only The men who formed the Night's Watch's courage shielded the realm from the darkness to the north. The men who formed the Night's Watch knew The men who formed the Night's Watch must have no divided loyalties to weaken The men who formed the Night's Watch's resolve. So The men who formed the Night's Watch vowed The men who formed the Night's Watch would have no wives nor children. Yet brothers The men who formed the Night's Watch had, and sisters. Mothers who gave The men who formed the Night's Watch birth, fathers who gave The men who formed the Night's Watch names. The men who formed the Night's Watch came from a hundred quarrelsome kingdoms, and The men who formed the Night's Watch knew times may change, but men do not. So The men who formed the Night's Watch pledged as well that the Night's Watch would take no part in the battles of the realm. The men who formed the Night's Watch kept pledged. When Aegon slew Black Harren and claimed Black Harren's kingdom, Black Harren's brother was Lord Commander on the Wall, with ten thousand swords to hand. Harren's brother did not march. In the days when the realm were the realm, not a generation passed that three or four of the realm were not at war. the Night's Watch took no part. When the Andals crossed the narrow sea and swept away the kingdoms of the First Men, the sons of the fallen kings held true to the sons of the fallen kings's vows and remained at the sons of the fallen kings's posts. So it has always been, for years beyond counting. Such is the price of honor.A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do we all's duty, when there is no cost to our duty. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when every man's must choose. Some of the ravens were still eating, long stringy bits of meat dangling from Some of the ravens's beaks. The rest seemed to be watching him. him could feel the weight of all those tiny black eyes. And this is him's day… is is what you're saying? Maester Aemon turned Maester Aemon's head and looked at him with all those tiny black eyes. It was as if Maester Aemon were seeing right into him's heart. him felt naked and exposed. him took the bucket in both hands and flung the rest of the slops through the bars. Strings of meat and blood flew everywhere, scattering the ravens. the ravens took to the air, shrieking wildly. The quicker birds snatched morsels on the wing and gulped morsels down greedily. him let the bucket clang to the floor. Maester Aemon laid a withered, spotted hand on him's shoulder.It hurts, boy, he said softly. Oh, yes. Choosing… Choosing has always hurt. And always will. boy know. he don't know, boy said bitterly. No one knows. Even if boy am he's bastard, he's still boy's father…  he sighed. Have boy heard nothing he've told boy, boy? Do boy think boy are the first? he shook he's ancient head, a gesture weary beyond words. Three times the gods saw fit to test he's vows. Once when he was a boy, once in the fullness of he's manhood, and once when he had grown old. By then he's strength was fled, he's eyes grown dim, yet that last choice was as cruel as the first. he's ravens would bring the news from the south, words darker than My ravens's wings, the ruin of he's House, the death of he's kin, disgrace and desolation. What could he have done, he? he was helpless as a suckling babe, yet still it grieved he to sit forgotten as they cut down he's brother's poor grandson, and my brother's's son, and even the little children…  boy was shocked to see the shine of tears in he's eyes.Who are you? he asked quietly, almost in dread. A toothless smile quivered on the ancient lips. Only a maester of the Citadel, bound in service to Castle Black and the Night's Watch. In you's order, we put aside we's house names when we take we's vows and don the collar. you touched the maester's chain that hung loosely around you's thin, fleshless neck. you's father was Maekar, the First of My father's Name, and you's brother Aegon reigned after My father in you's stead. you's grandfather named you for Prince Aemon the Dragonknight, who was My grandfather's uncle, or My grandfather's father, depending on which tale he believe. Aemon, My grandfather called you…  Aemon… Targaryen? he could scarcely believe it. Once, you said. Once. So he see, he, you do know… and knowing, you will not tell he stay or go. he must make that choice he, and live with that choice all the rest of he's days. As you have. you's voice fell to a whisper. As you have…