 When the battle was done, Dany rode Dany's silver through the fields of the dead. Dany's handmaids and the men of Dany's khas came after, smiling and jesting among Her handmaids and the men of her khas. Dothraki hooves had torn the earth and trampled the rye and lentils into the ground, while arakhs and arrows had sown a terrible new crop and watered a terrible new crop with blood. Dying horses lifted Dying horses's heads and screamed at Dany as Dany rode past. Wounded men moaned and prayed. Jaqqa rhan moved among Wounded men, the mercy men with the mercy men with their heavy axes's heavy axes, taking a harvest of heads from the dead and dying alike. After the mercy men with their heavy axes would scurry a flock of small girls, pulling arrows from the corpses to fill a flock of small girls's baskets. Last of all the dogs would come sniffing, lean and hungry, the feral pack that was never far behind her khas. The sheep had been dead longest. There seemed to be thousands of The sheep, black with flies, arrow shafts bristling from each carcass. Khal Ogo's riders had done that, Dany knew; no man of Khal Ogo's's would be such a fool as to waste his arrows on sheep when there were shepherds yet to kill. The town was afire, black plumes of smoke roiling and tumbling as black plumes of smoke rose into a hard blue sky. Beneath broken walls of dried mud, riders galloped back and forth, swinging riders's long whips as riders herded the survivors from the smoking rubble.The women and children of Ogo's khalasar walked with a sullen pride, even in defeat and bondage; The women and children of Ogo's khalasar were slaves now, but The women and children of Ogo's khalasar seemed not to fear slaves. It was different with the townsfolk. Dany pitied the townsfolk; Dany remembered what terror felt like. Mothers stumbled along with blank, dead faces, pulling sobbing children by the hand. There were only a few men among them, cripples and cowards and grandfathers. Ser Jorah said the people of this country named the people of this country the Lhazareen, but the Dothraki called the people of this country haesh rakhi, the Lamb Men. Once Dany might have taken the people of this country for the Dothraki, for the people of this country had the same copper skin and almond-shaped eyes. Now the people of this country looked alien to Dany, squat and flat-faced, the people of this country's black hair cropped unnaturally short. the people of this country were herders of sheep and eaters of vegetables, and Khal Drogo said the people of this country belonged south of the river bend. The grass of the Dothraki sea was not meant for sheep. Dany saw one boy bolt and run for the river. A rider cut one boy off and turned one boy, and the others boxed one boy in, cracking the others's whips in one boy's face, running one boy this way and that. One galloped behind one boy, lashing one boy across the buttocks until one boy's thighs ran red with blood.Another snared his ankle with a lash and sent his sprawling. Finally, when his could only crawl, they grew bored of the sport and put an arrow through his's back. Ser Jorah met her outside the shattered gate. Ser Jorah wore a dark green surcoat over Ser Jorah's mail. Ser Jorah's gauntlets, greaves, and greathelm were dark grey steel. The Dothraki had mocked Ser Jorah for a coward when Ser Jorah donned his mail, but Ser Jorah had spit insults right back in The Dothraki's teeth, tempers had flared, longsword had clashed with arakh, and the rider whose taunts had been loudest had been left behind to bleed to death. Ser Jorah lifted the visor of Ser Jorah's flat-topped greathelm as Ser Jorah rode up. her's lord husband awaits her within the town. Your lord husband took no harm? A few cuts, Ser Jorah answered, nothing of consequence. Ser Jorah slew two khals this day. Khal Ogo first, and then the son, Fogo, who became khal when Khal Ogo fell. Ser Jorah's bloodriders cut the bells from His bloodriders's hair, and now Your lord husband's every step rings louder than before.Ogo and Ogo's son had shared the high bench with her lord husband at the naming feast where Viserys had been crowned, but the naming feast where Viserys had been crowned was in Vaes Dothrak, beneath the Mother of Mountains, where every rider was a brother and all quarrels were put aside. It was different out in the grass. Ogo's khalasar had been attacking the town when Khal Drogo caught Ogo. her wondered what the Lamb Men had thought, when the Lamb Men first saw the dust of the Lamb Men's horses from atop those cracked-mud walls. Perhaps a few, the younger and more foolish who still believed that the gods heard the prayers of desperate men, took the dust of their horses from atop those cracked-mud walls for deliverance. Across the road, a girl no older than her was sobbing in a high thin voice as a rider shoved a girl no older than Dany over a pile of corpses, facedown, and thrust a rider inside a girl no older than Dany. Other riders dismounted to take Other riders's turns. That was the sort of deliverance the Dothraki brought the Lamb Men. her am the blood of the dragon, her reminded her as her turned her's face away. her pressed her's lips together and hardened her's heart and rode on toward the gate. Most of Ogo's riders fled, Ser Jorah was saying. Still, there may be as many as ten thousand captives. Slaves, her thought.Khal Drogo would drive them downriver to one of the towns on Slaver's Bay. She wanted to cry, but She told She that She must be strong. This is war, this is what it looks like, this is the price of the Iron Throne. I've told Khal Drogo Khal Drogo ought to make for Meereen, I said. them'll pay a better price than Khal Drogo'd get from a slaving caravan. Illyrio writes that they had a plague last year, so the brothels are paying double for healthy young girls, and triple for boys under ten. If enough children survive the journey, the gold will buy us all the ships us need, and hire men to sail all the ships we need. Behind them, the girl being raped made a heartrending sound, a long sobbing wail that went on and on and on. She's hand clenched hard around the reins, and She turned the silver's head. Make them stop, She commanded I. She I sounded perplexed. I heard She's words, She said.Stop them. She spoke to She's khas in the harsh accents of Dothraki. Jhogo, Quaro, Jhogo, Quaro will aid Ser Jorah. She want no rape. Jhogo, Quaro exchanged a baffled look. Jorah Mormont spurred Jorah Mormont's horse closer. She, Jorah Mormont said, She have a gentle heart, but She do not understand. This is how it has always been. Those men have shed blood for Ser Jorah. Now Those men claim Those men's reward. Across the road, She was still crying, She's high singsong tongue strange to Dany's ears. The first man was done with She now, and a second had taken The first man's place. She is a lamb girl, Quaro said in Dothraki.She is nothing, Khaleesi. The riders do She's honor. The Lamb Men lay with sheep, lay is known. lay is known, She's handmaid Irri echoed. lay is known, agreed Jhogo, astride the tall grey stallion that Drogo had given Jhogo. If She's wailing offends Khaleesi's ears, Khaleesi, Jhogo will bring Khaleesi She's tongue. Jhogo drew Jhogo's arakh. Jhogo will not have She's harmed, Jhogo said. Jhogo claim She. Do as Jhogo command Khaleesi, or Drogo will know the reason why. Ai, Khaleesi, Jhogo replied, kicking the tall grey stallion that Drogo had given him. Quaro and the others followed Jhogo's lead, the bells in Quaro and the others's hair chiming. Go with Quaro and the others, She commanded Ser Jorah.As you command. The knight gave you a curious look. you are you's brother's sister, in truth. your brother's you did not understand. No, The knight answered. Rhaegar. The knight galloped off. Dany heard Jhogo shout. The rapers laughed at Jhogo. One man shouted back. Jhogo's arakh flashed, and One man's head went tumbling from One man's shoulders. Laughter turned to curses as The rapers reached for weapons, but by then Quaro and Aggo and Rakharo were there.She saw Aggo point across the road to where She sat upon She's silver. The riders looked at She with cold black eyes. One spat. The others scattered to The others's mounts, muttering. All the while the man atop She continued to plunge in and out of She, so intent on the man atop the lamb girl's pleasure that the man atop the lamb girl seemed unaware of what was going on around the man atop the lamb girl. Ser Jorah dismounted and wrenched the man atop the lamb girl off with a mailed hand. the man atop the lamb girl went sprawling in the mud, bounced up with a knife in hand, and died with Aggo's arrow through the man atop the lamb girl's throat. Mormont pulled She off the pile of corpses and wrapped She in Mormont's blood-spattered cloak. Mormont led She across the road to Dany. What do Dany want done with She? She was trembling, She's eyes wide and vague. She's hair was matted with blood. Doreah, see to She's hurts.You do not have a rider's look, perhaps a rider's will not fear You. The rest, with me. me urged The rest through the broken wooden gate. It was worse inside the town. Many of the houses were afire, and the jaqqa rhan had been about the jaqqa rhan's grisly work. Headless corpses filled the narrow, twisty lanes. They passed other women being raped. Each time me reined up, sent me's khas to make an end to other women being raped, and claimed the victim as slave. One of her khas, a thick-bodied, flat-nosed woman of forty years, blessed me haltingly in the Common Tongue, but from the others me got only flat black stares. the others were suspicious of me, me realized with sadness; afraid that me had saved the others for some worse fate. me cannot claim the others, me, Ser Jorah said, the fourth time They stopped, while the warriors of her khas herded me's new slaves behind me. me am khaleesi, heir to the Seven Kingdoms, the blood of the dragon, me reminded Ser Jorah. It is not for Ser Jorah to tell me what me cannot do.Across the city, a building collapsed in a great gout of fire and smoke, and she heard distant screams and the wailing of frightened children. They found Khal Drogo seated before a square windowless temple with thick mud walls and a bulbous dome like some immense brown onion. Beside Khal Drogo was a pile of heads taller than Khal Drogo was. One of the short arrows of the Lamb Men stuck through the meat of Khal Drogo's upper arm, and blood covered the left side of Khal Drogo's bare chest like a splash of paint. Khal Drogo's three bloodriders were with Khal Drogo. Jhiqui helped she dismount; she had grown clumsy as she's belly grew larger and heavier. she knelt before Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo's sun-and-stars is wounded. The arakh cut was wide but shallow; Khal Drogo's left nipple was gone, and a flap of bloody flesh and skin dangled from his bare chest like a wet rag. Is scratch, moon of life, from arakh of one bloodrider to Khal Ogo, Khal Drogo said in the Common Tongue. Khal Drogo kill one bloodrider for it, and Khal Ogo too. Khal Drogo turned Khal Drogo's head, the bells in Khal Drogo's braid ringing softly. Is Khal Ogo you hear, and Fogo Khal Ogo's khalakka, who was khal when Khal Drogo slew Khal Ogo.No man can stand before the sun of my life, Dany said, the father of the stallion who mounts the world. A mounted warrior rode up and vaulted from A mounted warrior's saddle. A mounted warrior spoke to Haggo, a stream of angry Dothraki too fast for Dany to understand. A mounted warrior gave Dany a heavy look before A mounted warrior turned to A mounted warrior's khal A mounted warrior is Mago, who rides in the khas of Ko Jhaqo. A mounted warrior says the khaleesi has taken the khaleesi's spoils, a daughter of the lambs who was the khaleesi's to mount. his khal's face was still and hard, but his khal's black eyes were curious as his black eyes went to Dany. Tell his khal the truth of this, moon of his khal's life, his khal commanded in Dothraki. Dany told his khal what Dany had done, in Dothraki so his khal would understand Dany better, Dany's words simple and direct. When Dany was done, his khal was frowning. This is the way of war. These women are our slaves now, to do with as our please. It pleases Dany to hold These women safe, Dany said, wondering if Dany had dared too much. If his khal's warriors would mount These women, let your warriors take These women gently and keep These women for wives.Give them places in the khalasar and let them bear you sons. Qotho was ever the cruelest of the bloodriders. It was Qotho who laughed. Does the horse breed with the sheep? Something in Qotho's tone reminded her of Viserys. her turned on Qotho angrily. The dragon feeds on horse and sheep alike. Qotho smiled. See how fierce The dragon grows! Qotho said. It is Qotho's son inside The dragon, the stallion who mounts the world, filling The dragon with my son inside her, the stallion who mounts the world, filling her with his fire's fire. Ride slowly, Qotho… if the mother does not burn Qotho where Qotho sit, my son inside her, the stallion who mounts the world, filling her with his fire will trample Qotho into the mud. And her, her, hold her's tongue and find another lamb to mount.These belong to my khaleesi. my started to reach out a hand to Daenerys, but as my lifted my's arm my grimaced in sudden pain and turned my's head. Daenerys could almost feel sudden pain. The wounds were worse than Ser Jorah had led Daenerys to believe. Where are the healers? Daenerys demanded. The khalasar had two sorts: barren women and eunuch slaves. barren women dealt in potions and spells, eunuch slaves in knife, needle, and fire. Why do the healers not attend my? my sent the hairless men away, my khaleesi, old Cohollo assured Daenerys. Daenerys saw my had taken a wound my; a deep gash in my's left shoulder. Many riders are hurt, my said stubbornly.Let them be healed first. This arrow is no more than the bite of a fly, this little cut only a new scar to boast of to my son. Dany could see the muscles in my son's chest where the skin had been cut away. A trickle of blood ran from This arrow. It is not for Khal Drogo to wait, Dany proclaimed. Jhogo, seek out these eunuchs and bring these eunuchs here at once. Dany, a woman's voice said behind Dany, a woman's can help my son with my son's hurts. Dany turned Dany's head. a woman's was one of the slaves Dany had claimed, a woman's. Khal Drogo needs no help from women who lie with sheep, barked Qotho. Aggo, cut out a woman's's tongue. Aggo grabbed a woman's's hair and pressed a knife to a woman's's throat.Dany lifted a hand. No. She is mine. Let She speak. Aggo looked from She to Qotho. Aggo lowered Aggo's knife. Aggo meant no wrong, fierce riders. She spoke Dothraki well. The robes She wore had once been the lightest and finest of woolens, rich with embroidery, but now The robes she wore were mud-caked and bloody and ripped. She clutched the torn cloth of She's bodice to She's heavy breasts. She have some small skill in the healing arts. Who are She?Dany asked her. her am named Mirri Maz Duur. her am godswife of this temple. Maegi, grunted Haggo, fingering Haggo's arakh. Haggo's look was dark. Dany remembered the word from a terrifying story that Jhiqui had told Dany one night by the cookfire. A maegi was a woman who lay with demons and practiced the blackest of sorceries, a vile thing, evil and soulless, who came to men in the dark of night and sucked life and strength from men's bodies. her am a healer, her said. A healer of sheeps, sneered Qotho. Blood of Qotho's blood, Qotho say kill her and wait for the hairless men. Dany ignored Qotho's outburst. her did not look like a maegi to Dany.Where did you learn you's healing, you? you's mother was godswife before you, and taught you all the songs and spells most pleasing to the Great Shepherd, and how to make the sacred smokes and ointments from leaf and root and berry. When you was younger and more fair, you went in caravan to Asshai by the Shadow, to learn from Asshai by the Shadow's mages. Ships from many lands come to Asshai by the Shadow, so you lingered long to study the healing ways of distant peoples. A moonsinger of the Jogos Nhai gifted you with A moonsinger of the Jogos Nhai's birthing songs, a woman of your own riding people taught you the magics of grass and corn and horse, and a maester from the Sunset Lands opened a body for you and showed you all the secrets that hide beneath the skin. Ser Jorah Mormont spoke up. A maester? Marwyn, a maester from the Sunset Lands named a maester from the Sunset Lands, you replied in the Common Tongue. From the sea. Beyond the sea. the Sunset Lands, a maester from the Sunset Lands said. the Sunset LandsWhere men are iron and dragons rule. He taught me this speech. A maester in Asshai, Ser Jorah mused. Tell Ser Jorah, Godswife, what did He wear about He's neck? A chain so tight it was like to choke He, Ser Jorah, with links of many metals. Ser Jorah looked at me. Only a man trained in the Citadel of Oldtown wears such a chain, Ser Jorah said, and such men do know much of healing. Why should me want to help He? All men are one flock, or so All men are taught, replied Mirri Maz Duur. The Great Shepherd sent Mirri Maz Duur to earth to heal The Great Shepherd's lambs, wherever Mirri Maz Duur might find his lambs. Qotho gave Mirri Maz Duur a stinging slap. We are no sheep, Mirri Maz Duur.Stop it, Dany said angrily. She is mine. Dany will not have She's harmed. Khal Drogo grunted. The arrow must come out, Qotho. Yes, Khal Drogo, She answered, touching She's bruised face. And Khal Drogo's breast must be washed and sewn, lest the wound fester. Do it, then, Khal Drogo commanded. Khal Drogo, She said, She's tools and potions are inside the god's house, where the healing powers are strongest. I will carry Khal Drogo, blood of I's blood, I offered. Khal Drogo waved I away. Khal Drogo need no man's help, Khal Drogo said, in a voice proud and hard.He stood, unaided, towering over them all. A fresh wave of blood ran down He's breast, from where Ogo's arakh had cut off He's nipple. Dany moved quickly to He's side. Dany am no man, Dany whispered, so He may lean on Dany. He put a huge hand on Dany's shoulder. Dany took some of He's weight as they walked toward the great mud temple. The three bloodriders followed. Dany commanded Ser Jorah and the warriors of Dany's khas to guard the entrance and make certain no one set the great mud temple afire while they were still inside. they passed through a series of anterooms, into the high central chamber under the onion. Faint light shone down through hidden windows above. A few torches burnt smokily from sconces on the walls. Sheepskins were scattered across the mud floor.There, Mirri Maz Duur said, pointing to the altar, a massive blue-veined stone carved with images of shepherds and shepherds's flocks. Khal Drogo lay upon the altar, a massive blue-veined stone carved with images of shepherds and their flocks. Mirri Maz Duur threw a handful of dried leaves onto a brazier, filling the chamber with fragrant smoke. Best if you wait outside, Mirri Maz Duur told the rest of you. the rest of them are blood of Khal Drogo's blood, Cohollo said. Here the rest of them wait. Qotho stepped close to Mirri Maz Duur. Know this, Mirri Maz Duur. Harm Khal Drogo and Mirri Maz Duur suffer the same. Qotho drew Qotho's skinning knife and showed Mirri Maz Duur his skinning knife. Mirri Maz Duur will do no harm. Dany felt Dany could trust Mirri Maz Duur; Mirri Maz Duur had saved Mirri Maz Duur from the hard hands of Mirri Maz Duur's rapers, after all.If you must stay, then help, Mirri told you. The Great Rider is too strong for Mirri. Hold The Great Rider still while Mirri draw the arrow from The Great Rider's flesh. Mirri let the rags of Mirri's gown fall to Mirri's waist as Mirri opened a carved chest, and busied Mirri with bottles and boxes, knives and needles. When Mirri was ready, Mirri broke off the arrow and pulled out the shaft, chanting in the singsong tongue of the Lhazareen. Mirri heated a flagon of wine to boiling on the brazier, and poured a flagon of wine over The Great Rider's wounds. The Great Rider cursed Mirri, but The Great Rider did not move. Mirri bound the arrow wound with a plaster of wet leaves and turned to the gash on The Great Rider's breast, smearing the gash on his breast with a pale green paste before Mirri pulled the flap of skin back in place. The Great Rider ground The Great Rider's teeth together and swallowed a scream. Mirri took out a silver needle and a bobbin of silk thread and began to close his flesh. When Mirri was done Mirri painted his flesh with red ointment, covered his flesh with more leaves, and bound his breast in a ragged piece of lambskin. You must say the prayers Mirri give You and keep a ragged piece of lambskin in place for ten days and ten nights, Mirri said.There will be fever, and itching, and a great scar when the healing is done. Khal Drogo sat, bells ringing. Khal Drogo sing of Khal Drogo's scars, sheep woman. Khal Drogo flexed Khal Drogo's arm and scowled. Drink neither wine nor the milk of the poppy, sheep woman cautioned Khal Drogo. Pain Khal Drogo will have, but Khal Drogo must keep Khal Drogo's body strong to fight the poison spirits. Khal Drogo am khal, Khal Drogo said. Khal Drogo spit on pain and drink what Khal Drogo like. Cohollo, bring Khal Drogo's vest. Cohollo hastened off. Before, Dany said to the ugly Lhazareen woman, Dany heard the ugly Lhazareen woman speak of birthing songs…  the ugly Lhazareen woman know every secret of the bloody bed, Dany, nor have the ugly Lhazareen woman ever lost a babe, the ugly Lhazareen woman replied. Dany's time is near, Dany said.I would have you attend I when he comes, if you would. Khal Drogo laughed. Moon of Khal Drogo's life, I do not ask a slave, I tell a slave. a slave will do as I command. Khal Drogo jumped down from the altar. Come, Khal Drogo's blood. The stallions call, this place is ashes. It is time to ride. Haggo followed Khal Drogo from the temple, but Qotho lingered long enough to favor Mirri Maz Duur with a stare. Remember, Mirri Maz Duur, as Khal Drogo fares, so shall Mirri Maz Duur. As I say, I, Mirri Maz Duur answered Qotho, gathering up Mirri Maz Duur's jars and bottles. The Great Shepherd guards the flock.