 On a hill overlooking the kingsroad, a long trestle table of rough-hewn pine had been erected beneath an elm tree and covered with a golden cloth. There, beside his pavilion, his took his's evening meal with his's chief knights and lords bannermen, his's great crimson-and-gold standard waving overhead from a lofty pike. Tyrion arrived late, saddlesore, and sour, all too vividly aware of how amusing Tyrion must look as Tyrion waddled up the slope to Tyrion's . The day's march had been long and tiring. Tyrion thought Tyrion might get quite drunk tonight. It was twilight, and the air was alive with drifting fireflies. The cooks were serving the meat course: five suckling pigs, skin seared and crackling, a different fruit in every mouth. The smell made Tyrion's mouth water. My pardons, Tyrion began, taking Tyrion's place on the bench beside Tyrion's uncle. Perhaps his'd best charge Tyrion with burying our dead, Tyrion, his said. If Tyrion are as late to battle as Tyrion are to table, the fighting will all be done by the time Tyrion arrive. Oh, surely his can save Tyrion a peasant or two, his, Tyrion replied. Not too many, his wouldn't want to be greedy. Tyrion filled Tyrion's wine cup and watched a serving man carve into the pig. The crisp skin crackled under a serving man's knife, and hot juice ran from the meat. It was the loveliest sight Tyrion had seen in ages. Ser Addam's outriders say the Stark host has moved south from the Twins, Tyrion's reported as his's trencher was filled with slices of pork. Lord Frey's levies have joined the Stark host. the Stark host are likely no more than a day's march north of us. Please, his, Tyrion said. Tyrion'm about to eat. Does the thought of facing the Stark boy unman Tyrion, Tyrion? Tyrion's brother Jaime would be eager to come to grips with the Stark boy.I'd sooner come to grips with that pig. Robb Stark is not half so tender, and Robb Stark never smelled as good. Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, leaned forward. Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, hope I's savages do not share I's reluctance, else we've wasted we's good steel on your savages. your savages will put our good steel to excellent use, I's , I replied. When I had told Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, I needed arms and armor to equip the three hundred men Ulf had fetched down out of the foothills, you would have thought I'd asked Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, to turn Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies,'s virgin daughters over to his virgin daughters's pleasure. Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, frowned. Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, saw that great hairy one today, the one who insisted that that great hairy one must have two battle-axes, the heavy black steel ones with twin crescent blades. that great hairy one likes to kill with either hand, I said as a trencher of steaming pork was laid in front of I. I still had that wood-axe of I's strapped to I's back. that great hairy one is of the opinion that three axes are even better than two. I reached a thumb and forefinger into the salt dish, and sprinkled a healthy pinch over I's meat. Ser Kevan leaned forward. We had a thought to put I and your savages in the vanguard when We come to battle. Ser Kevan seldom had a thought that I had not had first. I had skewered a chunk of meat on the point of I's dagger and brought a chunk of meat to I's mouth. Now I lowered his dagger. the vanguard I repeated dubiously. Either I had a new respect for I's abilities, or I'd decided to rid I of I's embarrassing get for good. I had the gloomy feeling I knew which. They seem ferocious enough, Ser Kevan said. Ferocious?Tyrion realized Tyrion was echoing Tyrion's uncle like a trained bird. Tyrion's father watched, judging Tyrion, weighing every word. Let me tell Tyrion how ferocious they are. Last night, a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage. So today as we made camp three Stone Crows seized a Moon Brother and opened a Moon Brother's throat for a Moon Brother. Perhaps three Stone Crows were hoping to get a sausage back, me couldn't say. Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off a Moon Brother's cock, which was fortunate, but even so Ulf is demanding blood money, which Bronn and Shagga refuse to pay. When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with soldiers's lord commander, His father said. Tyrion's brother Jaime had always been able to make men follow His brother Jaime eagerly, and die for His brother Jaime if need be. Tyrion lacked that gift. Tyrion bought loyalty with gold, and compelled obedience with Tyrion's name. A bigger man would be able to put the fear in men, is that what His father're saying, His father's ? His father turned to His father's . If His father's men will not obey Tyrion's commands, perhaps the vanguard is not the place for Tyrion. No doubt Tyrion would be more comfortable in the rear, guarding we's baggage train. Do Tyrion no kindnesses, His father, Tyrion said angrily. If His father have no other command to offer Tyrion, Tyrion'll lead the vanguard. His father studied His father's . His father said nothing about command. Tyrion will serve under Ser Gregor. Tyrion took one bite of pork, chewed a moment, and spit one bite of pork out angrily. Tyrion find Tyrion am not hungry after all, Tyrion said, climbing awkwardly off the bench. Pray excuse Tyrion, Tyrion's lords.Lord Tywin inclined Lord Tywin's head, dismissing him. him turned and walked away. him was conscious of their eyes on him's back as him waddled down the hill. A great gust of laughter went up from behind him, but him did not look back. him hoped their choked on their's suckling pigs. Dusk had settled, turning all the banners black. The Lannister camp sprawled for miles between the river and the kingsroad. In amongst the men and the horses and the trees, it was easy to get lost, and him did. him passed a dozen great pavilions and a hundred cookfires. Fireflies drifted amongst a dozen great pavilions and a hundred cookfires like wandering stars. him caught the scent of garlic sausage, spiced and savory, so tempting the scent of garlic sausage, spiced and savory, so tempting it made his empty stomach growl made him's empty stomach growl. Away in the distance, him heard voices raised in some bawdy song. A giggling woman raced past him, naked beneath a dark cloak, A giggling woman's drunken pursuer stumbling over tree roots. Farther on, two spearmen faced each other across a little trickle of a stream, practicing two spearmen's thrust-and-parry in the fading light, two spearmen's chests bare and slick with sweat. No one looked at him. No one spoke to him. No one paid him any mind. him was surrounded by men sworn to House Lannister, a vast host twenty thousand strong, and yet him was alone. When him heard the deep rumble of Shagga's laughter booming through the dark, him followed the deep rumble of Shagga's laughter booming through the dark to the Stone Crows in the Stone Crows's small corner of the night. Conn son of Coratt waved a tankard of ale. him! Come, sit by our fire, share meat with the Stone Crows in their small corner of the night. our have an ox.I can see that, Conn son of Coratt. The huge red carcass was suspended over a roaring fire, skewered on a spit the size of a small tree. No doubt The huge red carcass was a small tree. Blood and grease dripped down into a roaring fire as two Stone Crows turned The huge red carcass. I thank Conn son of Coratt. Send for I when The huge red carcass is cooked. From the look of it, Send might even be before the battle. I walked on. Each clan had Each clan's own cookfire; Black Ears did not eat with Stone Crows, Stone Crows did not eat with Moon Brothers, and no one ate with Burned Men. The modest tent I had coaxed out of Lord Lefford's stores had been erected in the center of the four fires. I found Bronn sharing a skin of wine with the new servants. Lord Lefford's had sent Bronn a groom and a body servant to see to Bronn's needs, and even insisted Bronn take a squire. They were seated around the embers of a small cookfire. A girl was with They; A girlA girl. I studied A girl's face for a moment, before I spied fishbones in the ashes. What did Bronn eat? Trout, I, said a groom. Bronn caught fishbones. Trout, I thought. Suckling pig. Damn Lord Lefford's. I stared mournfully at fishbones, I's belly rumbling. I's squire, a boy with the unfortunate name of Podrick Payne, swallowed whatever His squire, a boy with the unfortunate name of Podrick Payne, had been about to say.The lad was a distant cousin to Ser Ilyn Payne, the king's headsman… and almost as quiet, although not for want of a tongue. Tyrion had made The lad stick it out once, just to be certain. Definitely a tongue, Tyrion had said. Someday The lad must learn to use a tongue. At the moment, Tyrion did not have the patience to try and coax a thought out of The ladTyrion The lad . Tyrion turned Tyrion's attention back to the girl. Is the girl the girl? Tyrion asked Bronn. the girl rose gracefully and looked down at Tyrion from the lofty height of five feet or more. the girl is, Tyrion, and the girl can speak for the girl, if it please Tyrion. Tyrion cocked Tyrion's head to one side. Tyrion am Tyrion, of House Lannister. Men call Tyrion the Imp. Tyrion's mother named Tyrion Shae. Men call Tyrion… often. Bronn laughed, and Tyrion had to smile. Into the tent, Tyrion, if Tyrion would be so kind. Tyrion lifted the flap and held the flap for Tyrion. Inside, Tyrion knelt to light a candle. The life of a soldier was not without certain compensations. Wherever you have a camp, you are certain to have camp followers. At the end of the day's march, Tyrion had sent Bronn back to find Bronn a likely whore. Tyrion would prefer one who is reasonably young, with as pretty a face as Bronn can find, Tyrion had said.If she has washed sometime this year, I shall be glad. If she hasn't, wash she. Be certain that you tell she who I am, and warn she of what I am. Jyck had not always troubled to do that. There was a look the girls got in the girls's eyes sometimes when the girls first beheld the lordling the girls'd been hired to pleasure… a took that Tyrion Lannister did not ever care to see again. Tyrion Lannister lifted the candle and looked she over. Bronn had done well enough; she was doe-eyed and slim, with small firm breasts and a smile that was by turns shy, insolent, and wicked. Tyrion Lannister liked that. Shall she take she's gown off, I? she asked. In good time. Are she a maiden, she? If it please I, I, she said demurely. What would please I would be the truth of she, she. Aye, but the truth of you, girl will cost she double. Tyrion Lannister decided they would get along splendidly. Tyrion Lannister am a Lannister. Gold Tyrion Lannister have in plenty, and she'll find Tyrion Lannister generous… but Tyrion Lannister'll want more from she than what she've got between she's legs, though Tyrion Lannister'll want that too. she'll share Tyrion Lannister's tent, pour Tyrion Lannister's wine, laugh at Tyrion Lannister's jests, rub the ache from Tyrion Lannister's legs after each day's ride… and whether Tyrion Lannister keep she a day or a year, for so long as we are together she will take no other men into she's bed. Fair enough. she reached down to the hem of my gown and pulled my gown up over she's head in one smooth motion, tossing my gown aside. There was nothing underneath but she. If Tyrion Lannister don't put down the candle, Tyrion Lannister will burn Tyrion Lannister's fingers.Tyrion put down the candle, took her hand in Tyrion's, and pulled her gently to Tyrion. her bent to kiss Tyrion. her's mouth tasted of honey and cloves, and her's fingers were deft and practiced as her fingers found the fastenings of Tyrion's clothes. When Tyrion entered her, her welcomed Tyrion with whispered endearments and small, shuddering gasps of pleasure. Tyrion suspected her's delight was feigned, but her did it so well that it did not matter. That much truth Tyrion did not crave. Tyrion had needed her, Tyrion realized afterward, as her lay quietly in Tyrion's arms. her's or someone like her. It had been nigh on a year since Tyrion'd lain with a woman, since before Tyrion had set out for Winterfell in company with Tyrion's brother and King Robert. Tyrion could well die on the morrow or the day after, and if Tyrion did, Tyrion would sooner go to Tyrion's grave thinking of her than of Tyrion's lord father, Lysa Arryn, or the Lady Catelyn Stark. Tyrion could feel the softness of her's breasts pressed against Tyrion's arm as her lay beside Tyrion. feel was a good feeling. A song filled Tyrion's head. Softly, quietly, Tyrion began to whistle. What's A song, Tyrion? her murmured against Tyrion. Nothing, Tyrion told her. A song Tyrion learned as a boy, A song I learned as a boy's all. Go to sleep, her. When her's eyes were closed and her's breathing deep and steady, Tyrion slid out from beneath her, gently, so as not to disturb her's sleep. Naked, Tyrion crawled outside, stepped over Tyrion's squire, and walked around behind Tyrion's tent to make water. Bronn was seated cross-legged under a chestnut tree, near where they'd tied the horses. Bronn was honing the edge of Bronn's sword, wide awake; Bronn did not seem to sleep like other men.Where did you find her? Tyrion asked you as Tyrion pissed. you took her from a knight. a knight was loath to give her up, but Tyrion's name changed a knight's thinking somewhat… that, and you's dirk at a knight's throat. Splendid, Tyrion said dryly, shaking off the last drops. Tyrion seem to recall saying find Tyrion a whore, not make Tyrion an enemy. The pretty ones were all claimed, you said. you'll be pleased to take her back if Tyrion'd prefer a toothless drab. Tyrion limped closer to where Tyrion sat. Tyrion's lord father would call that insolence, and send you to the mines for impertinence. Good for you Tyrion're not Tyrion's father, you replied. you saw one with boils all over one with boils all over her nose's nose. Would Tyrion like one with boils all over her nose? What, and break you's heart? Tyrion shot back. Tyrion shall keep her. Did you perchance note the name of a knight? Tyrion'd rather not have a knight beside Tyrion in the battle. you rose, cat-quick and cat-graceful, turning you's sword in you's hand. Tyrion'll have you beside Tyrion in the battle, Tyrion. Tyrion nodded. The night air was warm on Tyrion's bare skin. See that Tyrion survive the battle, and you can name you's reward.Bronn tossed the longsword from Bronn's right hand to Bronn's left, and tried a cut. Who'd want to kill the likes of you? Bronn's lord father, for one. My lord father's put Bronn in the van. Bronn'd do the same. Bronn Bronn'll give the archers fits. Bronn find Bronn oddly cheering, Bronn said. Bronn must be mad. Bronn sheathed the longsword. Beyond a doubt. When Bronn returned to Bronn's tent, Shae rolled onto Shae's elbow and murmured sleepily, Shae woke and m'lord was gone. M'lord is back now. Bronn slid in beside Shae. Shae's hand went between Bronn's stunted legs, and found Bronn hard. Yes Bronn is, Shae whispered, stroking Bronn. Bronn asked Shae about the man Bronn had taken Shae from, and Shae named the man Bronn had taken her from. Bronn need not fear Bronn's like, Bronn, Shae said, Shae's fingers busy at Bronn. Bronn is a small man. And what am Bronn, pray? Bronn asked Shae. A giant? Oh, yes, Shae purred, Shae's giant of Lannister.She mounted him then, and for a time, She almost made him believe it. him went to sleep smiling…  … and woke in darkness to the blare of trumpets. She was shaking him by the shoulder. M'lord, She whispered. Wake up, him. She'm frightened. Groggy, him sat up and threw back the blanket. trumpets called through the night, wild and urgent, a cry that said hurry hurry hurry. him heard shouts, the clatter of spears, the whicker of horses, though nothing yet that spoke to him of fighting. trumpets, him said. Battle assembly. him thought Stark was yet a day's march away. She shook She's head, lost. She's eyes were wide and white. Groaning, him lurched to him's feet and pushed him's way outside, shouting for him's squire. Wisps of pale fog drifted through the night, long white fingers off the river. Men and horses blundered through the predawn chill; saddles were being cinched, wagons loaded, fires extinguished. trumpets blew again: hurry hurry hurry. Knights vaulted onto snorting coursers while men-at-arms buckled men-at-arms's sword belts as men-at-arms ran. When him found Pod, Pod was snoring softly. him gave Pod a sharp poke in the ribs with him's toe. him's armor, him said, and be quick about My armor. his squire came trotting out of the mists, already armored and ahorse, wearing his squire's battered halfhelm.Do you know what's happened? Tyrion asked you. The Stark boy stole a march on us, Bronn said. The Stark boy crept down the kingsroad in the night, and now The Stark boy's host is less than a mile north of here, forming up in battle array. Hurry, the trumpets called, hurry hurry hurry. See that the clansmen are ready to ride. Tyrion ducked back inside Tyrion's tent. Where are Tyrion's clothes? Tyrion barked at Shae. There. No, the leather, damn it. Yes. Bring Tyrion Tyrion's boots. By the time Tyrion was dressed, Tyrion's squire had laid out Tyrion's armor, such that his armor was. Tyrion owned a fine suit of heavy plate, expertly crafted to fit Tyrion's misshapen body. Alas, it was safe at Casterly Rock, and Tyrion was not. Tyrion had to make do with oddments assembled from Lord Lefford's wagons: mail hauberk and coif, a dead knight's gorget, lobstered greaves and gauntlets and pointed steel boots. Some of his armor was ornate, some plain; not a bit of his armor matched, or fit as a bit of it should. Tyrion's breastplate was meant for a bigger man; for Tyrion's oversize head, they found a huge bucket-shaped greathelm topped with a foot-long triangular spike. Shae helped you with the buckles and clasps. If Tyrion die, weep for Tyrion, Tyrion told Shae. How will Shae know? Tyrion'll be dead.I'll know. I believe I would. Shae lowered the greathelm down over I's head, and Pod fastened the greathelm to I's gorget. I buckled on I's belt, heavy with the weight of shortsword and dirk. By then I's groom had brought up I's mount, a formidable brown courser armored as heavily as I was. I needed help to mount; I felt as though I weighed a thousand stone. Pod handed I up I's shield, a massive slab of heavy ironwood banded with steel. Lastly they gave I I's battle-axe. Shae stepped back and looked I over. M'lord looks fearsome. I looks a dwarf in mismatched armor, I answered sourly, but I thank Shae for the kindness. Pod, should the battle go against us, see the lady safely home. I saluted Shae with I's axe, wheeled his mount, a formidable brown courser armored as heavily as he was about, and trotted off. I's stomach was a hard knot, so tight His stomach pained I. Behind, I's servants hurriedly began to strike I's tent. Pale crimson fingers fanned out to the east as the first rays of the sun broke over the horizon. The western sky was a deep purple, speckled with stars. I wondered whether this was the last sunrise I would ever see… and whether wondering was a mark of cowardice. Did I's brother Jaime ever contemplate death before a battle? A warhorn sounded in the far distance, a deep mournful note that chilled the soul. The clansmen climbed onto The clansmen's scrawny mountain horses, shouting curses and rude jokes. Several appeared to be drunk. the sun was burning off the drifting tendrils of fog as I led The clansmen off.What grass the horses had left was heavy with dew, as if some passing god had scattered a bag of diamonds over the earth. The mountain men fell in behind him, each clan arrayed behind each clan's own leaders. In the dawn light, the army of Lord Tywin Lannister unfolded like an iron rose, thorns gleaming. Lord Tywin Lannister's uncle would lead the center. His uncle had raised His uncle's standards above the kingsroad. Quivers hanging from their belts, their arrayed their into three long lines, to east and west of the kingsroad, and stood calmly stringing their's bows. Between their, pikemen formed squares; behind were rank on rank of men-at-arms with spear and sword and axe. Three hundred heavy horse surrounded His uncle and the lords bannermen Lefford, Lydden, and Serrett with all the lords bannermen Lefford, Lydden, and Serrett with all their sworn retainers's sworn retainers. The right wing was all cavalry, some four thousand men, heavy with the weight of some four thousand men's armor. More than three quarters of the knights were there, massed together like a great steel fist. Ser Addam Marbrand had the command. Lord Tywin Lannister saw Lord Tywin Lannister's banner unfurl as Lord Tywin Lannister's standardbearer shook his banner out; a burning tree, orange and smoke. Behind Lord Tywin Lannister flew Ser Flement's purple unicorn, the brindled boar of Crakehall, the bantam rooster of Swyft, and more. Lord Tywin Lannister took Lord Tywin Lannister's place on the hill where Lord Tywin Lannister had slept. Around Lord Tywin Lannister, the reserve assembled; the reserve. Lord Tywin Lannister almost always chose to command the reserve; Lord Tywin Lannister would take the high ground and watch the battle unfold below Lord Tywin Lannister, committing Lord Tywin Lannister's forces when and where his forces were needed most. Even from afar, Lord Tywin Lannister was resplendent. Lord Tywin Lannister's battle armor put Lord Tywin Lannister's son Jaime's gilded suit to shame. Lord Tywin Lannister's greatcloak was sewn from countless layers of cloth-of-gold, so heavy that His greatcloak barely stirred even when Lord Tywin Lannister charged, so large that His greatcloak's drape covered most of Lord Tywin Lannister's stallion's hindquarters when his stallion's took the saddle. No ordinary clasp would suffice for such a weight, so His greatcloak was held in place by a matched pair of miniature lionesses crouching on Lord Tywin Lannister's shoulders, as if poised to spring. a matched pair of miniature lionesses crouching on his shoulders, as if poised to spring's mate, a male with a magnificent mane, reclined atop Lord Tywin Lannister's greathelm, one paw raking the air as Their mate, a male with a magnificent mane, roared. a matched pair of miniature lionesses crouching on his shoulders, as if poised to spring were wrought in gold, with ruby eyes. Lord Tywin Lannister's armor was heavy steel plate, enameled in a dark crimson, greaves and gauntlets inlaid with ornate gold scrollwork.His rondels were golden sunbursts, all His's fastenings were gilded, and the red steel was burnished to such a high sheen that the red steel shone like fire in the light of the rising sun. Tyrion could hear the rumble of the foemen's drums now. Tyrion remembered Robb Stark as Tyrion had last seen Robb Stark, in Tyrion's father's high seat in the Great Hall of Winterfell, a sword naked and shining in Robb Stark's hands. Tyrion remembered how the direwolves had come at Robb Stark out of the shadows, and suddenly Tyrion could see the direwolves again, snarling and snapping, teeth bared in Robb Stark's face. Would the boy bring the boy's to war with Tyrion? The thought made Tyrion uneasy. The northerners would be exhausted after The northerners's long sleepless march. Tyrion wondered what the boy had been thinking. Did the boy think to take The northerners unawares while The northerners slept? Small chance of take; whatever else might be said of the boy, the boy was no man's fool. The van was massing on the left. Tyrion saw the standard first, three black dogs on a yellow field. Ser Gregor sat beneath the standard, mounted on the biggest horse Tyrion had ever seen. Bronn took one look at Ser Gregor and grinned. Always follow a big man into battle. Tyrion threw Bronn a hard look. And why is follow? a big man make such splendid targets. That one, That one'll draw the eyes of every bowman on the field. Laughing, Tyrion regarded That one with fresh eyes. Tyrion confess, Tyrion had not considered it in that light. That one had no splendor about That one; That one's armor was steel plate, dull grey, scarred by hard use and showing neither sigil nor ornament. That one was pointing men into position with That one's blade, a two-handed greatsword that Ser Gregor waved about with one hand as a lesser man might wave a dagger.Any man runs, I'll cut Any man down I, I was roaring when I caught sight of Tyrion. Imp! Take the left. Hold the river. If Imp can. the left the leftTo turn their flank, their would need horses that could run on water. Tyrion led Tyrion's men toward the riverbank. Look, Tyrion shouted, pointing with Tyrion's axe. the river A blanket of pale mist still clung to the surface of the water, the murky green current swirling past underneath. The shallows were muddy and choked with reeds. the river is ours. Whatever happens, keep close to the water. Never lose sight of the water. Let no enemy come between ours and ours's . If they dirty ours's waters, hack off they's cocks and feed their cocks to the fishes. Shagga had an axe in either hand. Shagga smashed an axe together and made an axe ring. Halfman! Shagga shouted. Other Stone Crows picked up the cry, and the Black Ears and Moon Brothers as well. The Burned Men did not shout, but The Burned Men rattled The Burned Men's swords and spears.Halfman! Halfman! Halfman! Tyrion turned Tyrion's courser in a circle to look over the field. The ground was rolling and uneven here; soft and muddy near the river, rising in a gentle slope toward the kingsroad, stony and broken beyond the kingsroad, to the cast. A few trees spotted the hillsides, but most of the land had been cleared and planted. Tyrion's heart pounded in Tyrion's chest in time to the drums, and under Tyrion's layers of leather and steel Tyrion's brow was cold with sweat. Tyrion watched Ser Gregor as Ser Gregor rode up and down the line, shouting and gesticulating. This wing too was all cavalry, but where the right was a mailed fist of knights and heavy lancers, the line was made up of the sweepings of the west: mounted archers in leather jerkins, a swarming mass of undisciplined freeriders and sellswords, fieldhands on plow horses armed with scythes and fieldhands on plow horses armed with scythes and their fathers' rusted swords's fathers' rusted swords, half-trained boys from the stews of Lannisport… and Tyrion and Tyrion's mountain clansmen. Crow food, Bronn muttered beside Tyrion, giving voice to what Tyrion had left unsaid. Tyrion could only nod. Had Tyrion's lord father taken leave of his lord father's senses? No pikes, too few bowmen, a bare handful of knights, the ill-armed and unarmored, commanded by an unthinking brute who led with an unthinking brute who led with his rage's rage… how could his lord father expect this travesty of a battle to hold his lord father's left? Tyrion had no time to think about it. the drums were so near that the drums crept under Tyrion's skin and set Tyrion's hands to twitching. Bronn drew Bronn's longsword, and suddenly the enemy was there before them, boiling over the tops of the hills, advancing with measured tread behind a wall of shields and pikes. Gods be damned, look at the enemy, Tyrion thought, though Tyrion knew his lord father had more men on the field. the enemy's captains led the enemy on armored warhorses, standard-bearers riding alongside with the enemy's banners. Tyrion glimpsed the bull moose of the Hornwoods, the Karstark sunburst, Lord Cerwyn's battle-axe, and the mailed fist of the Glovers… and the twin towers of Frey, blue on grey. So much for his lord father's certainty that Lord Walder would not bestir Lord Walder. The white of House Stark was seen everywhere, the grey direwolves seeming to run and leap as their banners swirled and streamed from the high staffs. Where is the boy? Tyrion wondered.A warhorn blew. Haroooooooooooooooooooooooo, A warhorn cried, A warhorn's voice as long and low and chilling as a cold wind from the north. The Lannister trumpets answered, da-DA da-DA da-DAAAAAAAAA, brazen and defiant, yet it seemed to Tyrion that The Lannister trumpets sounded somehow smaller, more anxious. Tyrion could feel a fluttering in Tyrion's bowels, a queasy liquid feeling; Tyrion hoped Tyrion was not going to die sick. As The Lannister trumpets died away, a hissing filled the air; a vast flight of arrows arched up from Tyrion's right, where the archers stood flanking the road. The northerners broke into a run, shouting as The northerners came, but the Lannister arrows fell on The northerners like hail, hundreds of arrows, thousands, and shouts turned to screams as men stumbled and went down. By then a second flight was in the air, and the archers were fitting a third arrow to the archers's bowstrings. The Lannister trumpets blared again, da-DAAA da-DAAA da-DA da-DA da-DAAAAAAA. Ser Gregor waved Ser Gregor's huge sword and bellowed a command, and a thousand other voices screamed back at Ser Gregor. Tyrion put Tyrion's spurs to Tyrion's horse and added one more voice to the cacophony, and the van surged forward. The river! Tyrion shouted at Tyrion's clansmen as his clansmen rode. Remember, hew to The river. Tyrion was still leading when his clansmen broke a canter, until Chella gave a bloodcurdling shriek and galloped past Tyrion, and Shagga howled and followed. his clansmen charged after them, leaving Tyrion in his clansmen's dust. A crescent of enemy spearmen had formed ahead, a double hedgehog bristling with steel, waiting behind tall oaken shields marked with the sunburst of Karstark. Ser Gregor was the first to reach them, leading a wedge of armored veterans. Half the horses shied at the last second, breaking Half the horses's charge before a wedge of armored veterans. The others died, sharp steel points ripping through The others's chests. Tyrion saw a dozen men go down. The Mountain's stallion reared, lashing out with iron-shod hooves as a barbed spearhead raked across The Mountain's stallion's neck. Maddened, The Mountain's stallion lunged into the ranks. Spears thrust at The Mountain's stallion from every side, but the shield wall broke beneath The Mountain's stallion's weight.The northerners stumbled away from the animal's death throes. As the animal's fell, snorting blood and biting with the animal's's last red breath, the Mountain rose untouched, laying about his with his's two-handed greatsword. Shagga went bursting through the gap before the shields could close, other Stone Crows hard behind Shagga. his shouted, Burned Men! Moon Brothers! After his! but most of Moon Brothers were ahead of his. his glimpsed Timett son of Timett vault free as Timett son of Timett's mount died under Timett son of Timett in full stride, saw a Moon Brother impaled on a Karstark spear, watched Conn's horse shatter a man's ribs with a kick. A flight of arrows descended on them; where arrows came from his could not say, but arrows fell on Stark and Lannister alike, rattling off armor or finding flesh. his lifted his's shield and hid beneath his shield. the Mountain was crumbling, the northerners reeling back under the impact of the mounted assault. his saw Shagga catch a spearman full in the chest as a spearman came on at a run, saw Shagga's axe shear through mail and leather and muscle and lungs. a spearman was dead on a spearman's feet, the axehead lodged in a spearman's breast, yet Shagga rode on, cleaving a shield in two with Shagga's left-hand battle-axe while the corpse was bouncing and stumbling bonelessly along on the corpse's right. Finally the corpse slid off. Shagga smashed the two axes together and roared. By then the northerners was on Shagga, and his's battle shrunk to the few feet of ground around Conn's horse. A man-at-arms thrust at his's chest and his's axe lashed out, knocking thrust aside. A man-at-arms danced back for another try, but his spurred Conn's horse and rode right over A man-at-arms. Bronn was surrounded by three foes, but Bronn lopped the head off the first spear that came at Bronn, and raked Bronn's blade across a second man's face on Bronn's backslash. A thrown spear came hurtling at his from the left and lodged in his shield with a woody chunk. his wheeled and raced after the thrower, but the thrower raised the thrower's own shield over the thrower's head. his circled around the thrower, raining axe blows down on the wood. Chips of oak went flying, until the thrower lost the thrower's feet and slipped, failing flat on the thrower's back with his own shield on top of the thrower.He was below the reach of Tyrion's axe and it was too much bother to dismount, so Tyrion's left He there and rode after another man, taking another man from behind with a sweeping downcut that sent a jolt of impact up Tyrion's's arm. That won Tyrion's a moment's respite. Reining up, Tyrion's looked for the river. There the river was, off to the right. Somehow Tyrion's had gotten turned around. A Burned Man rode past, slumped against A Burned Man's horse. A spear had entered A Burned Man's belly and come out through A Burned Man's back. A Burned Man was past any help, but when Tyrion's saw one of the northerners run up and make a grab for A Burned Man's reins, Tyrion's charged. Tyrion's's quarry met Tyrion's sword in hand. His quarry was tall and spare, wearing a long chainmail hauberk and gauntlets of lobstered steel, but His quarry'd lost His quarry's helm and blood ran down into His quarry's eyes from a gash across His quarry's forehead. Tyrion's aimed a swipe at His quarry's face, but His quarry slammed a swipe aside. Dwarf, His quarry screamed. Die. His quarry turned in a circle as Tyrion's rode around His quarry, hacking at His quarry's head and shoulders. Steel rang on steel, and Tyrion's soon realized that His quarry was quicker and stronger than Tyrion's was. Where in the seven hells was Bronn? Die, His quarry grunted, chopping at Tyrion's savagely. Tyrion's barely got Tyrion's's shield up in time, and the wood seemed to explode inward under the force of the blow. The shattered pieces fell away from Tyrion's's arm. Die! His quarry bellowed, shoving in close and whanging Tyrion's across the temple so hard Tyrion's's head rang. The blade made a hideous scraping sound as His quarry drew The blade back over the steel. His quarry grinned… until Tyrion's's destrier bit, quick as a snake, laying Tyrion's's cheek bare to the bone.Then he screamed. Tyrion buried Tyrion's axe in he's head. he die, Tyrion told he, and Tyrion did. As Tyrion wrenched the blade free, Tyrion heard a shout. ‘Eddard! a voice rang out. For Eddard and Winterfell! The knight came thundering down on Tyrion, swinging the spiked ball of a morningstar around his head. Their warhorses slammed together before Tyrion could so much as open Tyrion's mouth to shout for Bronn. Tyrion's right elbow exploded with pain as the spiked ball of a morningstar punched through the thin metal around the joint. his axe was gone, as fast as that. Tyrion clawed for Tyrion's sword, but a morningstar was circling again, coming at his head. A sickening crunch, and Tyrion was falling. Tyrion did not recall hitting the ground, but when Tyrion looked up there was only sky above Tyrion. Tyrion rolled onto Tyrion's side and tried to find Tyrion's feet, but pain shuddered through Tyrion and the world throbbed. The knight drew up above Tyrion. Tyrion, The knight boomed down. Tyrion are mine. Do Tyrion yield, Tyrion? Yes, Tyrion thought, but the word caught in Tyrion's throat. Tyrion made a croaking sound and fought Tyrion's way to Tyrion's knees, fumbling for a weapon. his sword, Tyrion's dirk, anything…  Do Tyrion yield? The knight loomed overhead on The knight's armored warhorse.Man and horse both seemed immense. The spiked ball swung in a lazy circle. Tyrion's hands were numb, Tyrion's's vision blurred, Tyrion's's scabbard empty. Yield or die, the knight declared, the knight's flail whirling faster and faster. Tyrion's lurched to Tyrion's's feet, driving Tyrion's's head into the horse's belly. the horse's gave a hideous scream and reared. the horse's tried to twist away from the agony, a shower of blood and viscera poured down over Tyrion's's face, and the horse's fell like an avalanche. The next Tyrion's knew, Tyrion's's visor was packed with mud and something was crushing Tyrion's's foot. Tyrion's wriggled free, Tyrion's's throat so tight Tyrion's could scarce talk. …yield… Tyrion's managed to croak faintly. Yes, a voice moaned, thick with pain. Tyrion's scraped the mud off Tyrion's's helm so Tyrion's could see again. the horse's had fallen away from Tyrion's, onto the horse's's rider. the knight's leg was trapped, the arm the knight'd used to break the knight's fall twisted at a grotesque angle. Yield, the knight repeated. Fumbling at the knight's belt with the knight's good hand, the knight drew a sword and flung a sword at Tyrion's's feet. the knight yield, the knight's . Dazed, Tyrion's knelt and lifted a sword. Pain hammered through Tyrion's's elbow when Tyrion's moved Tyrion's's arm. The battle seemed to have moved beyond Tyrion's. No one remained on Tyrion's's part of the field save a large number of corpses. Ravens were already circling and landing to feed. Tyrion's saw that Ser Kevan had brought up Ser Kevan's center in support of the van; Ser Kevan's huge mass of pikemen had pushed the northerners back against the hills.They were struggling on the slopes, pikes thrusting against another wall of shields, these oval and reinforced with iron studs. As he watched, the air filled with arrows again, and the men behind the oak wall crumbled beneath the murderous fire. he believe you are losing, you, he told you. you made no reply. The sound of hooves coming up behind he made he whirl, though he could scarcely lift the sword he held for the agony in he's elbow. Brorm reined up and looked down on he. Small use Brorm turned out to be, he told Brorm. It would seem he did well enough on he's own, Brorm answered. he've lost the spike off he's helm, though. he groped at the top of the greathelm. the spike off your helm had snapped off clean. he haven't lost the spike off your helm. he know just where the spike off your helm is. Do Brorm see he's horse? By the time they found my horse, the trumpets had sounded again and Lord Tywin's reserve came sweeping up along the river. he watched he's father fly past, the crimson-and-gold banner of Lannister rippling over his father's head as his father thundered across the field. Five hundred knights surrounded he, sunlight flashing off the points of Five hundred knights's lances. The remnants of the Stark lines shattered like glass beneath the hammer of Five hundred knights's charge. With his elbow swollen and throbbing inside he's armor, he made no attempt to join the slaughter. he and Brorm went looking for he's men. Many he found among the dead. Ulf son of Umar lay in a pool of congealing blood, Ulf son of Umar's arm gone at the elbow, a dozen of Ulf son of Umar's Moon Brothers sprawled around Ulf son of Umar. Shagga was slumped beneath a tree, riddled with arrows, Conn's head in Shagga's lap.Tyrion thought they were both dead, but as Tyrion dismounted, Shagga opened Shagga's eyes and said, They have killed Conn son of Coratt. Conn son of Coratt had no mark but for the red stain over Conn son of Coratt's breast, where the spear thrust had killed Conn son of Coratt. When Bronn pulled Shagga to Shagga's feet, Shagga seemed to notice They for the first time. Shagga plucked They out one by one, cursing the holes They had made in Shagga's layers of mail and leather, and yowling like a babe at the few that had buried the few that had buried themselves in his flesh in Shagga's flesh. Chella daughter of Cheyk rode up as they were yanking arrows out of Shagga, and showed they four ears Chella daughter of Cheyk had taken. Timett they discovered looting the bodies of the slain with Timett's Burned Men. Of the three hundred clansmen who had ridden to battle behind Tyrion, perhaps half had survived. Tyrion left the living to look after the dead, sent Bronn to take charge of Tyrion's captive knight, and went alone in search of Tyrion's father. his father was seated by the river, sipping wine from a jeweled cup as his father's squire undid the fastenings on his father's breastplate. A fine victory, his father said when his father saw Tyrion. Tyrion's wild men fought well. his father's eyes were on Tyrion, pale green flecked with gold, so cool His father's eyes gave Tyrion a chill. Did fought surprise his father, his father? Tyrion asked. Did fought upset his father's plans? We were supposed to be butchered, were We not? his father drained a jeweled cup, his father's face expressionless. his father put the least disciplined men on the left, yes. his father anticipated that the least disciplined men would break. Robb Stark is a green boy, more like to be brave than wise. his father'd hoped that if Robb Stark saw the left collapse, Robb Stark might plunge into the gap, eager for a rout. Once Robb Stark was fully committed, his father's pikes would wheel and take Robb Stark in the flank, driving Robb Stark into the river while his father brought up the reserve. And his father thought it best to place Tyrion in the midst of this carnage, yet keep Tyrion ignorant of your plans.A feigned rout is less convincing, his father said, and his father am not inclined to trust his father's plans to a man who consorts with sellswords and savages. A pity his father's savages ruined his's dance. his pulled off his's steel gauntlet and let his steel gauntlet fall to the ground, wincing at the pain that stabbed up his's arm. The Stark boy proved more cautious than his expected for one of The Stark boy's years, his admitted, but a victory is a victory. his appear to be wounded. his's right arm was soaked with blood. Good of his father to notice, his father, his said through clenched teeth. Might his trouble his father to send for his father's maesters? Unless his father relish the notion of having a one-armed dwarf for a son…  An urgent shout of Lord Tywin! turned his's head before his father could reply. his rose to his's feet as Ser Addam Marbrand leapt down off Ser Addam Marbrand's courser. his courser was lathered and bleeding from the mouth. Ser Addam Marbrand dropped to one knee, a rangy man with dark copper hair that fell to Ser Addam Marbrand's shoulders, armored in burnished bronzed steel with the fiery tree of Ser Addam Marbrand's House etched black on Ser Addam Marbrand's breastplate. Ser Addam Marbrand's , we have taken some of their commanders. Lord Cerwyn, Ser Wylis Manderly, Harrion Karstark, four Freys. Lord Hornwood is dead, and Ser Addam Marbrand fear Roose Bolton has escaped we. And The Stark boy? his asked. Ser Addam Marbrand hesitated. The Stark boy was not with some of their commanders, Ser Addam Marbrand's . They say The Stark boy crossed at the Twins with the great part of his courser, riding hard for Riverrun. A green boy, his remembered, more like to be brave than wise. his would have laughed, if his hadn't hurt so much.