 The woods were full of whispers. Moonlight winked on the tumbling waters of the stream below as the stream below wound the stream below's rocky way along the floor of the valley. Beneath the trees, warhorses whickered softly and pawed at the moist, leafy ground, while men made nervous jests in hushed voices. Now and again, she heard the chink of spears, the faint metallic slither of chain mail, but the chink of spears, the faint metallic slither of chain mail were muffled. It should not be long now, she, Hallis Mollen said. Hallis Mollen had asked for the honor of protecting she in the battle to come; the honor of protecting her in the battle to come was Hallis Mollen's right, as Winterfell's captain of guards, and Robb had not refused the honor of protecting her in the battle to come to Hallis Mollen. she had thirty men around she, charged to keep she's unharmed and see she safely home to Winterfell's if the fighting went against thirty men around her. Robb had wanted fifty; she had insisted that ten would be enough, that Robb would need every sword for the fight. They made They's peace at thirty, neither happy with their peace. It will come when It comes, she told Robb.When it came, she knew it would mean death. Hal's death perhaps… or she, or Robb's. No one was safe. No life was certain. she was content to wait, to listen to the whispers in the woods and the faint music of the brook, to feel the warm wind in she's hair. she was no stranger to waiting, after all. she's men had always made she wait. Watch for me, she, me would always tell she, when me rode off to court or fair or battle. And she would, standing patiently on the battlements of Riverrun as the waters of the Red Fork and the Tumblestone flowed by. me did not always come when me said me would, and days would ofttimes pass as she stood she's vigil, peering out between crenels and through arrow loops until she caught a glimpse of Lord Hoster on Lord Hoster's old brown gelding, trotting along the rivershore toward the landing.Did you watch for me? me'd ask when me bent to bug you. Did you, you? Brandon Stark had bid you wait as well. Brandon Stark shall not be long, Brandon Stark's , Brandon Stark had vowed. We will be wed on Brandon Stark's return. Yet when the day came at last, it was Brandon Stark's brother Eddard who stood beside you in the sept.  his brother Eddard had lingered scarcely a fortnight with his brother Eddard's before his brother Eddard had ridden off to war with promises on his brother Eddard's lips. At least his brother Eddard had left you with more than words; his brother Eddard had given you a son. Nine moons had waxed and waned, and a son had been born in Riverrun while a son's still warred in the south. you had brought a son forth in blood and pain, not knowing whether his brother Eddard would ever see a son.Her son. Her son had been so small…  And now it was for Her son that Her waited… for Her son, and for Jaime Lannister, the gilded knight who men said had never learned to wait at all. The Kingslayer is restless, and quick to anger, Her's uncle Brynden had told Her son. And her uncle Brynden had wagered their lives and their's best hope of victory on the truth of what her uncle Brynden said. If Her son was frightened, Her son gave no sign of frightened. Her watched Her's as Her son moved among the men, touching one on the shoulder, sharing a jest with another, helping a third to gentle an anxious horse. Her son's armor clinked softly when Her son moved. Only Her son's head was bare. Her watched a breeze stir Her son's auburn hair, so like Her's own, and wondered when Her's had grown so big. Fifteen, and near as tall as Her was.Let him grow taller, she asked the gods. Let him know sixteen, and twenty, and fifty. Let him grow as tall as him's father, and hold his father's own son in his father's arms. Please, please, please. As she watched him, this tall young man with the new beard and the direwolf prowling at him's heels, all she could see was the babe they had laid at she's breast at Riverrun, so long ago. The night was warm, but the thought of Riverrun was enough to make she's shiver. Where are they? she wondered. Could she's uncle have been wrong? So much rested on the truth of what her uncle had told they.Robb had given the Blackfish three hundred picked men, and sent three hundred picked men ahead to screen Robb's march. Robb does not know, Ser Brynden said when Ser Brynden rode back. Ser Brynden'll stake Ser Brynden's life on know. No bird has reached Robb, Ser Brynden's archers have seen to reached. We've seen a few of Robb's outriders, but a few of his outriders We did not live to tell of seen. Robb ought to have sent out more. Robb does not know. How large is Robb's host? her son asked. Twelve thousand foot, scattered around the castle in three separate camps, with the rivers between, her's said, with the craggy smile her remembered so well.There is no other way to besiege Riverrun, yet still, besiege will be their undoing. Two or three thousand horse. The Kingslayer has us three to one, said Galbart Glover. ‘True enough, Ser Brynden said, yet there is one thing Ser Jaime lacks. Yes? Robb asked. Patience. Their host was greater than Their host had been when Their left the Twins. Lord Jason Mallister had brought Lord Jason Mallister's power out from Seagard to join Their as Their swept around the headwaters of the Blue Fork and galloped south, and others had crept forth as well, hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmure's army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun. Their had driven Their's horses as hard as Their dared to reach this place before Ser Jaime had word of Their's coming, and now the hour was at hand.Catelyn watched Catelyn's son mount up. Olyvar Frey held her son's horse for her son, Olyvar Frey. Olyvar Frey strapped her son's shield in place and handed up her son's helm. When Olyvar Frey lowered his helm over the face Catelyn loved so well, a tall young knight sat on a tall young knight's grey stallion where her son had been. It was dark among the trees, where the moon did not reach. When her son turned her son's head to look at Catelyn, Catelyn could see only black inside her son's visor. her son must ride down the line, Catelyn, her son told Catelyn. Father says Catelyn should let the men see Catelyn before a battle. ‘Go, then, Catelyn said.Let them see you. ‘see will give them courage, Robb said. And who will give you courage? you wondered, yet you kept you's silence and made you smile for Robb. Robb turned the big grey stallion and walked the big grey stallion slowly away from you, Grey Wind shadowing Robb's steps. Behind Robb Robb's battle guard formed up. When Robb'd forced you to accept you's protectors, you had insisted that Robb be guarded as well, and the lords bannermen had agreed. Many of the lords bannermen's sons had clamored for the honor of riding with the Young Wolf, as Many of their sons had taken to calling Robb. Torrhen Karstark and Torrhen Karstark's brother Eddard were among Torrhen Karstark's thirty, and Patrek Mallister, Smalljon Umber, Daryn Hornwood, Theon Greyjoy, no less than five of Walder Frey's vast brood, along with older men like Ser Wendel Manderly and Robin Flint.One of One of his companions's companions was even a woman: Dacey Mormont, Lady Maege's eldest daughter and heir to Bear Island, a lanky six-footer who had been given a morningstar at an age when most girls were given dolls. Some of the other lords muttered about was, but Catelyn would not listen to Some of the other lords's complaints. This is not about the honor of Some of the other lords's houses, Catelyn told Some of the other lords. This is about keeping Catelyn's alive and whole. And if it comes to keeping, Catelyn wondered, will thirty be enough? Will six thousand be enough? A bird called faintly in the distance, a high sharp trill that felt like an icy hand on Catelyn's neck. Another bird answered; a third, a fourth. Catelyn knew their call well enough, from Catelyn's years at Winterfell.Snow shrikes. Sometimes you saw them in the deep of winter, when the godswood was white and still. them were northern birds. them are coming, Catelyn thought. them're coming, Catelyn, Hal Mollen whispered. Hal Mollen was always a man for stating the obvious. Gods be with us. Catelyn nodded as the woods grew still around us. In the quiet Catelyn could hear them, far off yet moving closer; the tread of many horses, the rattle of swords and spears and armor, the murmur of human voices, with here a laugh, and there a curse.Eons seemed to come and go. The sounds grew louder. She heard more laughter, a shouted command, splashing as they crossed and recrossed the little stream. A horse snorted. A man swore. And then at last She saw him… only for an instant, framed between the branches of the trees as She looked down at the valley floor, yet She knew it was him. Even at a distance, him was unmistakable. The moonlight had silvered him's armor and the gold of him's hair, and turned him's crimson cloak to black. him was not wearing a helm.He was there and He was gone again, He's silvery armor obscured by the trees once more. Others came behind He, long columns of Others, knights and sworn swords and freeriders, three quarters of the Lannister horse. He is no man for sitting in a tent while He's carpenters build siege towers, Ser Brynden had promised. He has ridden out with He's knights thrice already, to chase down raiders or storm a stubborn holdfast. Nodding, Robb had studied the map her uncle had drawn Robb. Ned had taught Robb to read maps. Raid He here, Robb said, pointing. A few hundred men, no more. Tully banners.When he comes after you, we will be waiting—he's finger moved an inch to the left—here. Here was a hush in the night, moonlight and shadows, a thick carpet of dead leaves underfoot, densely wooded ridges sloping gently down to the streambed, the underbrush thinning as the ground fell away. Here was her son on her son on his stallion's stallion, glancing back at her's one last time and lifting her son on his stallion's sword in salute. Here was the call of Maege Mormont's warhorn, a long low blast that rolled down the valley from the east, to tell them that the last of Jaime's riders had entered the trap. And Grey Wind threw back Grey Wind's head and howled. The sound seemed to go right through her, and her found her shivering. The sound was a terrible sound, a frightening sound, yet there was music in The sound too. For a second her felt something like pity for the Lannisters below. So The sound is what death sounds like, her thought.HAAroooooooooooooooooooooooo came the answer from the far ridge as the Greatjon winded the Greatjon's own horn. To east and west, the trumpets of the Mallisters and Freys blew vengeance. North, where the valley narrowed and bent like a cocked elbow, Lord Karstark's warhorns added Lord Karstark's warhorns's own deep, mournful voices to the dark chorus. Men were shouting and horses rearing in the stream below. The whispering wood let out The whispering wood's breath all at once, as the bowmen Robb had hidden in the branches of the trees let fly the bowmen Robb had hidden in the branches of the trees's arrows and the night erupted with the screams of men and horses. All around her, the riders raised the riders's lances, and the dirt and leaves that had buried their lances fell away to reveal the gleam of sharpened steel. Winterfell! her heard Robb shout as their arrows sighed again. Robb moved away from her at a trot, leading Robb's downhill.Catelyn sat on Catelyn's horse, unmoving, with Hal Mollen and Catelyn's guard around Catelyn, and Catelyn waited as Catelyn had waited before, for Brandon and Ned and Catelyn's father. Catelyn was high on the ridge, and the trees hid most of what was going on beneath Catelyn. A heartbeat, two, four, and suddenly it was as if Catelyn and her guard were alone in the wood. The rest were melted away into the green. Yet when Catelyn looked across the valley to the far ridge, Catelyn saw the Greatjon's riders emerge from the darkness beneath the trees. the Greatjon's riders were in a long line, an endless line, and as the Greatjon's riders burst from the wood there was an instant, the smallest part of a heartbeat, when all Catelyn saw was the moonlight on the points of the Greatjon's riders's lances, as if a thousand willowisps were coming down the ridge, wreathed in silver flame. Then Catelyn blinked, and the Greatjon's riders were only men, rushing down to kill or die. Afterward, Catelyn could not claim Catelyn had seen the battle. Yet Catelyn could hear, and the valley rang with echoes.The crack of a broken lance, the clash of swords, the cries of Lannister and Winterfell and Tully! Riverrun and Tully! When she realized there was no more to see, she closed she's eyes and listened. The battle came alive around she. she heard hoofbeats, iron boots splashing in shallow water, the woody sound of swords on oaken shields and the scrape of steel against steel, the hiss of arrows, the thunder of drums, the terrified screaming of a thousand horses. Men shouted curses and begged for mercy, and got mercy (or not), and lived (or died). The ridges seemed to play queer tricks with sound. Once she heard Robb's voice, as clear as if Robb's'd been standing at she's side, calling, To Robb's! To Robb's!And she heard his direwolf, snarling and growling, heard the snap of those long teeth, the tearing of flesh, shrieks of fear and pain from man and horse alike. Was there only one wolf? It was hard to be certain. Little by little, the sounds dwindled and died, until at last there was only one wolf. As a red dawn broke in the east, Grey Wind began to howl again. his came back to she on a different horse, riding a piebald gelding in the place of the grey stallion his had taken down into the valley. The wolf's head on his's shield was slashed half to pieces, raw wood showing where deep gouges had been hacked in the oak, but his seemed unhurt. Yet when his came closer, she saw that his's mailed glove and the sleeve of his's surcoat were black with blood. his're hurt, she said.Robb lifted Robb's hand, opened and closed Robb's fingers. No, Robb said. This is… Torrhen's blood, perhaps, or… Robb shook Robb's head. Robb do not know. A mob of men followed Robb up the slope, dirty and dented and grinning, with Theon and the Greatjon at A mob of men's head. Between A mob of men A mob of men dragged Ser Jaime Lannister. A mob of men threw Ser Jaime Lannister down in front of her horse. The Kingslayer, Hal announced, unnecessarily. Ser Jaime Lannister raised Ser Jaime Lannister's head.Lady Stark, he said from he's knees. Blood ran down one cheek from a gash across he's scalp, but the pale light of dawn had put the glint of gold back in he's hair. he would offer you he's sword, but he seem to have mislaid my sword. my sword is not my sword you want, he, you told he. Give me you's father and you's brother Edmure. Give you you's daughters. Give you you's lord husband. he have mislaid them as well, he fear. A pity, you said coldly.Kill him, Robb, Theon Greyjoy urged. Take him's head off. No, Robb answered, peeling off Robb's bloody glove. him's more use alive than dead. And Robb's lord father never condoned the murder of prisoners after a battle. A wise man, Jaime Lannister said, and honorable. Take him away and put him in irons, Catelyn said. Do as Catelyn says, Robb commanded, and make certain there's a strong guard around him. Lord Karstark will want his head on a pike.That he will, the Greatjon agreed, gesturing. Lannister was led away to be bandaged and chained. Why should Lord Karstark want Lannister dead? Catelyn asked. Robb looked away into the woods, with the same brooding look that Ned often got. Robb… Robb killed them…  Lord Karstark's sons, Galbart Glover explained. them, said Robb. them. And Daryn Hornwood as well.No one can fault Lannister on Lannister's courage, Glover said. When Lannister saw that Lannister was lost, Lannister rallied Lannister's retainers and fought Lannister's way up the valley, hoping to reach Lord Robb and cut Lord Robb down. And almost did. Lannister mislaid Lannister's sword in Eddard Karstark's neck, after Lannister took Torrhen's hand off and split Daryn Hornwood's skull open, Lord Robb said. All the time Lannister was shouting for Lord Robb. If they hadn't tried to stop him—  —I should then be mourning in place of Eddard Karstark's, Catelyn said. Lord Robb's men did what Your men were sworn to do, Lord Robb. Your men died protecting Your men's . Grieve for Your men.Honor them for them's valor. But not now. You have no time for grief. You may have lopped the head off the snake, but three quarters of the body is still coiled around my father's castle. We have won a battle, not a war. But such a battle! said Theon Greyjoy eagerly. my, the realm has not seen such a victory since the Field of Fire. Theon Greyjoy vow, the Lannisters lost ten men for every one of the Lannisters that fell.We've taken close to a hundred knights captive, and a dozen lords bannermen. Lord Westerling, Lord Banefort, Ser Garth Greenfield, Lord Estren, Ser Tytos Brax, Mallor the Dornishman… and three Lannisters besides Jaime, Lord Tywin's own nephews, two of Lord Tywin's's sister's sons and one of Lord Tywin's's dead brother's…  And Lord Tywin's? Catelyn interrupted. Have We perchance taken Lord Tywin's? No, We answered, brought up short. Until We do, this war is far from done. Robb raised Robb's head and pushed Robb's hair back out of Robb's eyes. Catelyn is right. We still have Riverrun.