 The flies circled Khal Drogo slowly, The flies's wings buzzing, a low thrum at the edge of hearing that filled Dany with dread. The sun was high and pitiless. Heat shimmered in waves off the stony outcrops of low hills. A thin finger of sweat trickled slowly between Dany's swollen breasts. The only sounds were the steady clop of their horses' hooves, the rhythmic tingle of the bells in Khal Drogo's hair, and the distant voices behind their. Dany watched The flies. The flies were as large as bees, gross, purplish, glistening. The Dothraki called The flies bloodflies. The flies lived in marshes and stagnant pools, sucked blood from man and horse alike, and laid The flies's eggs in the dead and dying. Khal Drogo hated The flies. Whenever one came near Khal Drogo, Khal Drogo's hand would shoot out quick as a striking snake to close around one. Dany had never seen Khal Drogo miss. Khal Drogo would hold one inside his hand long enough to hear one's frantic buzzing. Then Khal Drogo's fingers would tighten, and when Khal Drogo opened his hand again, one would be only a red smear on his hand. Now one crept across the rump of Khal Drogo's stallion, and his stallion gave an angry flick of his stallion's tail to brush one away. The others flitted about Khal Drogo, closer and closer. Khal Drogo did not react. Khal Drogo's eyes were fixed on distant brown hills, the reins loose in Khal Drogo's hands. Beneath Khal Drogo's painted vest, a plaster of fig leaves and caked blue mud covered the wound on Khal Drogo's breast. The herbwomen had made the wound on his breast for Khal Drogo. Mirri Maz Duur's poultice had itched and burned, and Khal Drogo had torn Mirri Maz Duur's poultice off six days ago, cursing Mirri Maz Duur's for a maegi.The mud plaster was more soothing, and the herbwomen made him poppy wine as well. him'd been drinking poppy wine heavily these past three days; when poppy wine was not poppy wine, poppy wine was fermented mare's milk or pepper beer. Yet him scarcely touched him's food, and him thrashed and groaned in the night. Dany could see how drawn him's face had become. Rhaego was restless in Dany's belly, kicking like a stallion, yet kicking did not stir him's interest as kicking had. Every morning Dany's eyes found fresh lines of pain on him's face when him woke from him's troubled sleep. And now this silence. this silence was making Dany afraid. Since they had mounted up at dawn, him had said not a word. When Dany spoke, Dany got no answer but a grunt, and not even that much since midday. One of the bloodflies landed on the bare skin of him's shoulder. Another, circling, touched down on him's neck and crept up toward him's mouth. him swayed in the saddle, bells ringing, as Rhaego kept onward at a steady walking pace. Dany pressed Dany's heels into Dany's silver and rode closer. Dany's , Dany said softly. Drogo. him's sun-and-stars. him did not seem to hear. The bloodfly crawled up under him's drooping mustache and settled on him's cheek, in the crease beside him's nose. Dany gasped, him. Clumsily Dany reached over and touched him's arm.Khal Drogo reeled in the saddle, tilted slowly, and fell heavily from Khal Drogo's horse. The flies scattered for a heartbeat, and then circled back to settle on him where Khal Drogo lay. No, Dany said, reining up. Heedless of Dany's belly for once, Dany scrambled off his horse and ran to Khal Drogo. The grass beneath Khal Drogo was brown and dry. Khal Drogo cried out in pain as Dany knelt beside Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo's breath rattled harshly in Khal Drogo's throat, and Khal Drogo looked at Dany without recognition. his horse, Khal Drogo gasped. Dany brushed The flies off Khal Drogo's chest, smashing one as Khal Drogo would have. Khal Drogo's skin burned beneath Dany's fingers. Khal Drogo's bloodriders had been following just behind them. Dany heard Haggo shout as The khal's bloodriders galloped up. Cohollo vaulted from Cohollo's horse. Blood of Cohollo's blood, Cohollo said as Cohollo dropped to Cohollo's knees. The other two kept to The other two's mounts. No, Khal Drogo groaned, struggling in Dany's arms. Must ride. Ride. No. Khal Drogo fell from his horse, Haggo said, staring down. Haggo's broad face was impassive, but Haggo's voice was leaden.You must not say that, Dany told You. We have ridden far enough today. We will camp here. Here? Haggo looked around We. The land was brown and sere, inhospitable. The land is no camping ground. It is not for a woman to bid We halt, said You, not even a khaleesi. We camp here, Dany repeated. Haggo, tell them Khal Drogo commanded the halt. If any ask why, say to any that Dany's time is near and Dany could not continue. Cohollo, bring up the slaves, the slaves must put up Khal Drogo's tent at once. You  Dany do not command You, Dany, You said. Find Mirri Maz Duur, Dany told You. Mirri Maz Duur would be walking among the other Lamb Men, in the long column of slaves. Bring Mirri Maz Duur to Dany, with Mirri Maz Duur's chest. You glared down at Dany, You's eyes hard as flint. The maegi. You spat. This You will not do. You will, Dany said, or when Khal Drogo wakes, Khal Drogo will hear why You defied Dany.Furious, Qotho wheeled Qotho's stallion around and galloped off in anger… but Dany knew Qotho would return with Mirri Maz Duur, however little Qotho might like return. The slaves erected Khal Drogo's tent beneath a jagged outcrop of black rock whose shadow gave some relief from the heat of the afternoon sun. Even so, it was stifling under the sandsilk as Irri and Doreah helped Dany walk Khal Drogo's inside. Thick patterned carpets had been laid down over the ground, and pillows scattered in the corners. Eroeh, the timid girl Dany had rescued outside the mud walls of the Lamb Men, set up a brazier. Irri and Doreah stretched Khal Drogo's out on a woven mat. No, Khal Drogo's muttered in the Common Tongue. No, no. It was all Khal Drogo's said, all Khal Drogo's seemed capable of saying. Doreah unhooked Doreah's medallion belt and stripped off Doreah's vest and leggings, while Jhiqui knelt by Doreah's feet to undo the laces of Doreah's riding sandals. Irri wanted to leave the tent flaps open to let in the breeze, but Dany forbade leave. Irri would not have any see Khal Drogo's this way, in delirium and weakness. When Irri's khas came up, Irri posted her khas outside at guard. Admit no one without Irri's leave, Irri told Jhogo. No one. Eroeh, the timid girl Dany had rescued outside the mud walls of the Lamb Men, stared fearfully at Khal Drogo'sKhal Drogo's . Khal Drogo's dies, Eroeh, the timid girl Dany had rescued outside the mud walls of the Lamb Men, whispered. Dany slapped Eroeh, the timid girl Dany had rescued outside the mud walls of the Lamb Men,. Khal Drogo's cannot die. Khal Drogo's is the father of the stallion who mounts the world. Khal Drogo's's hair has never been cut.He still wears the bells He's father gave He. Khaleesi, Jhiqui said, He fell from He's horse. Trembling, her eyes full of sudden tears, her turned away from them. He fell from his horse! fell was so, her had seen fell, and the bloodriders, and no doubt her's handmaids and the men of her's khas as well. And how many more? They could not keep it secret, and her knew what keep meant. A khal who could not ride could not rule, and He had fallen from his horse. We must bathe He, her said stubbornly. her must not allow her to despair. Irri, have the tub brought at once. Doreah, Eroeh, find water, cool water, He's so hot. He was a fire in human skin. The slaves set up the tub in the corner of the tent. When Doreah brought the first jar of water, her wet a length of silk to lay across He's brow, over the burning skin. He's eyes looked at her, but He did not see. When He's lips opened, no words escaped his lips, only a moan. Where is Mirri Maz Duur? her demanded, her's patience rubbed raw with fear. Qotho will find Mirri Maz Duur, Irri said.Her handmaids filled the tub with tepid water that stank of sulfur, sweetening the tub with jars of bitter oil and handfuls of crushed mint leaves. While the tub was being prepared, Her knelt awkwardly beside Her's lord husband, Her's belly great with their child within. Her undid her lord husband's braid with anxious fingers, as Her had on the night her lord husband'd taken Her for the first time, beneath the stars. her lord husband's bells Her laid aside carefully, one by one. her lord husband would want His bells again when her lord husband was well, Her told Her. A breath of air entered the tent as Aggo poked Aggo's head through the silk. Her, Aggo said, the Andal is come, and begs leave to enter. the Andal was what the Dothraki called Ser Jorah. Yes, Her said, rising clumsily, send Ser Jorah in. Her trusted Ser Jorah. Ser Jorah would know what to do if anyone did. Ser Jorah ducked through the door flap and waited a moment for Ser Jorah's eyes to adjust to the dimness. In the fierce heat of the south, Ser Jorah wore loose trousers of mottled sandsilk and open-toed riding sandals that laced up to Ser Jorah's knee. Ser Jorah's scabbard hung from a twisted horsehair belt. Under a bleached white vest, Ser Jorah was bare-chested, skin reddened by the sun. Talk goes from mouth to ear, all over the khalasar, Ser Jorah said. It is said Khal Drogo fell from Khal Drogo's horse. Help Khal Drogo, Her pleaded. For the love you say you bear Her, help Khal Drogo now. Ser Jorah knelt beside Her.He looked at Drogo long and hard, and then at Dany. Send Dany's maids away. Wordlessly, Dany's throat tight with fear, Dany made a gesture. Irri herded the other girls from the tent. When they were alone, He drew He's dagger. Deftly, with a delicacy surprising in such a big man, He began to scrape away the black leaves and dried blue mud from Drogo's chest. The plaster had caked hard as the mud walls of the Lamb Men, and like the mud walls of the Lamb Men The plaster cracked easily. He broke the dry mud with his dagger, pried the chunks from the flesh, peeled off the leaves one by one. A foul, sweet smell rose from the wound, so thick A foul, sweet smell almost choked Dany. the leaves were crusted with blood and pus, Drogo's chest black and glistening with corruption. No, Dany whispered as tears ran down Dany's cheeks. No, please, gods hear Dany, no. Drogo thrashed, fighting some unseen enemy. Black blood ran slow and thick from the wound. Drogo is good as dead, Dany. No, Drogo can't die, Drogo mustn't, the wound was only a cut. Dany took Drogo's large callused hand in Dany's own small ones, and held his large callused hand tight between them. Dany will not let Drogo die…  He gave a bitter laugh. Khaleesi or queen, that command is beyond Dany's power. Save Dany's tears, Dany.Weep for him tomorrow, or a year from now. We do not have time for grief. We must go, and quickly, before him dies. Dany was lost. Go? Where should We go? Asshai, I would say. Asshai lies far to the south, at the end of the known world, yet men say Asshai is a great port. We will find a ship to take We back to Pentos. It will be a hard journey, make no mistake. Do Dany trust Dany's khas? Will your khas come with We? Khal Drogo commanded your khas to keep Dany safe, Dany replied uncertainly, but if Khal Drogo dies… Dany touched the swell of Dany's belly. Dany don't understand. Why should We flee? Dany am khaleesi. Dany carry Khal Drogo's heir. Drogo's heir will be khal after Khal Drogo…  Ser Jorah frowned. Dany, hear Ser Jorah. The Dothraki will not follow a suckling babe.Drogo's strength was what they bowed to, and Drogo's strength. When Drogo's is gone, Jhaqo and Pono and the other kos will fight for Drogo's's place, and this khalasar will devour this khalasar. The winner will want no more rivals. The boy will be taken from your breast the moment The boy is born. They will give The boy to the dogs…  your hugged your. But why? your cried plaintively. Why should They kill a little baby? The boy is Drogo's's son, and the crones say The boy will be the stallion who mounts the world. be was prophesied. Better to kill The boy than to risk The boy's fury when The boy grows to manhood. The boy kicked inside your, as if The boy had heard. your remembered the story Viserys had told your, of what the dogs had done to Rhaegar's children. Rhaegar's's son had been a babe as well, yet the dogs had ripped His son from His son's breast and dashed His son's head against a wall. That was the way of men. the dogs must not hurt your's ! your cried. your will order your's khas to keep The boy safe, and Drogo's's bloodriders will—  Ser Jorah held your by the shoulders. A bloodrider dies with A bloodrider's khal. your know dies, your.They will take you to Vaes Dothrak, to the crones, take is the last duty They owe him in life… when take is done, They will join him in the night lands. you did not want to go back to Vaes Dothrak and live the rest of you's life among the crones, yet you knew that you spoke the truth. him had been more than you's sun-and-stars; him had been the shield that kept you safe. you will not leave him, you said stubbornly, miserably. you took you's hand again. you will not. A stirring at the tent flap made you turn you's head. Mirri Maz Duur entered, bowing low. Days on the march, trailing behind the khalasar, had left Mirri Maz Duur's limping and haggard, with blistered and bleeding feet and hollows under Mirri Maz Duur's eyes. Behind Mirri Maz Duur's came Qotho and Haggo, carrying the godswife's chest between Qotho and Haggo. When Qotho and Haggo caught sight of him's wound, the godswife's chest slipped from Qotho's fingers and crashed to the floor of the tent, and Qotho swore an oath so foul it seared the air. Mirri Maz Duur studied him, Mirri Maz Duur's face still and dead. Drogo's wound has festered. This is your work, your, Qotho said. Qotho laid Qotho's fist across Mirri Maz Duur's cheek with a meaty smack that drove Mirri Maz Duur to the ground. Then Qotho kicked Mirri Maz Duur where Mirri Maz Duur lay. Stop kicked! you screamed. Qotho pulled Qotho away, saying, Kicks are too merciful for a maegi. Take Mirri Maz Duur outside.We will stake her to the earth, to be the mount of every passing man. And when We are done with her, the dogs will use her as well. Weasels will tear out her's entrails and carrion crows feast upon her's eyes. The flies off the river shall lay The flies off the river's eggs in her's womb and drink pus from the ruins of her's breasts… He dug iron-hard fingers into the soft, wobbly flesh under her's arm and hauled her to her's feet. No, her said. her will not have her's harmed. He's lips skinned back from He's crooked brown teeth in a terrible mockery of a smile. No? her say He no? Better her should pray that We do not stake her out beside her's maegi. her did this, as much as the other. Ser Jorah stepped between them, loosening Ser Jorah's longsword in his longsword's scabbard. Rein in her's tongue, her. her is still her's khaleesi. Only while the blood-of-He's-blood still lives, He told Ser Jorah. When the blood-of-my-blood dies, her is nothing. her felt a tightness inside her. Before her was khaleesi, her was the blood of the dragon. Ser Jorah, summon her's khas. No, said He.We will go. For now… Khaleesi. Haggo followed him from the tent, scowling. him means you no good, you, Mormont said. The Dothraki say a man and a man's bloodriders share one life, and Qotho sees one life ending. A dead man is beyond fear. No one has died, you said. Ser Jorah, you may have need of Ser Jorah's blade. Best go don Ser Jorah's armor. you was more frightened than you dared admit, even to you. Ser Jorah bowed. As you say. Ser Jorah strode from the tent. you turned back to Mirri Maz Duur. Mirri Maz Duur's eyes were wary. So Mirri Maz Duur have saved you once more. And now Mirri Maz Duur must save him, you said. Please…  you do not ask a slave, Mirri Maz Duur replied sharply, you tell Mirri Maz Duur. Mirri Maz Duur went to Drogo burning on him's mat, and gazed long at him's wound. Ask or tell, it makes no matter.He is beyond a healer's skills. He's eyes were closed. She opened one with She's fingers. He has been dulling the hurt with milk of the poppy. Yes, Dany admitted. Dany made He a poultice of firepod and sting-me-not and bound a poultice of firepod and sting-me-not in a lambskin. a poultice of firepod and sting-me-not burned, He said. He tore a poultice of firepod and sting-me-not off. The herbwomen made He a new one, wet and soothing. a new one, wet and soothing burned, yes. There is great healing magic in fire, even your hairless men know is. Make He another poultice, Dany begged. This time Dany will make certain He wears another poultice. The time for make is past, Dany, Dany said. All Dany can do now is ease the dark road before He, so He might ride painless to the night lands. He will be gone by morning. Dany's words were a knife through Dany's breast. What had Dany ever done to make the gods so cruel? Dany had finally found a safe place, had finally tasted love and hope. Dany was finally going home.And now to lose it all…No, she pleaded. Save him, and she will free she, she swear it. she must know a way… some magic, some…  she sat back on she's heels and studied she through eyes as black as night. There is a spell. she's voice was quiet, scarcely more than a whisper. But it is hard, she, and dark. Some would say that death is cleaner. she learned the way in Asshai, and paid dear for the lesson. she's teacher was a bloodmage from the Shadow Lands. she went cold all over. Then she truly are a maegi…  Am she? she smiled. Only a maegi can save him now, she. Is there no other way? No other. Khal Drogo gave a shuddering gasp. Do it, she blurted. she must not be afraid; she was the blood of the dragon. Save him. There is a price, she warned she.You'll have gold, horses, whatever You like. It is not a matter of gold or horses. This is bloodmagic, You. Only death may pay for life. Death? You wrapped You's arms around You protectively, rocked back and forth on You's heels. You's death? You told You You would die for him, if You must. You was the blood of the dragon, You would not be afraid. You's brother Rhaegar had died for the woman Her brother Rhaegar loved. No, Mirri Maz Duur promised. Not You's death, You. You trembled with relief. Do it. Mirri Maz Duur nodded solemnly. As You speak, so it shall be done. Call You's servants. Khal Drogo writhed feebly as Rakharo and Quaro lowered Khal Drogo into the bath. No, Khal Drogo muttered, no. Must ride.Once in the water, all the strength seemed to leak out of him. Bring him's horse, Mirri Maz Duur commanded, and so Bring was done. him led his horse into the tent. When his horse caught the scent of death, his horse screamed and reared, rolling his horse's eyes. It took three men to subdue his horse. What do Mirri Maz Duur mean to do? Dany asked Mirri Maz Duur. We need the blood, Mirri Maz Duur answered. the blood is the way. him edged back, him's hand on him's arakh. him was a youth of sixteen years, whip-thin, fearless, quick to laugh, with the faint shadow of him's first mustachio on him's upper lip. him fell to him's knees before Mirri Maz Duur. Mirri Maz Duur, him pleaded, Mirri Maz Duur must not do Bring. Let him kill this maegi. Kill this maegi and him kill him's khal, Dany said. This is bloodmagic, him said. Bring is forbidden. him am khaleesi, and him say Bring is not forbidden. In Vaes Dothrak, Khal Drogo slew a stallion and him ate a stallion's heart, to give our son strength and courage. This is the same.The same. The stallion kicked and reared as Rakharo, Quaro, and Aggo pulled The stallion close to the tub where The stallion floated like one already dead, pus and blood seeping from The stallion's wound to stain the bathwaters. Mirri Maz Duur chanted words in a tongue that Dany did not know, and a knife appeared in Mirri Maz Duur's hand. Dany never saw where a knife came from. a knife looked old; hammered red bronze, leaf-shaped, a knife's blade covered with ancient glyphs. The maegi drew a knife across The stallion's throat, under the noble head, and The stallion screamed and shuddered as the blood poured out of The stallion in a red rush. The stallion would have collapsed, but the men of Mirri Maz Duur's khas held The stallion up. Strength of the mount, go into The stallion, Mirri Maz Duur sang as horse blood swirled into the bathwaters. Strength of the mount, go into The stallion. Jhogo looked terrified as Jhogo struggled with The stallion's weight, afraid to touch the dead flesh, yet afraid to let go as well. the mount, Dany thought. If Dany could buy The stallion's life with the death of a horse, Dany would pay a thousand times over. When the men of her khas let The stallion fall, Drogo's bath was a dark red, and nothing showed of The stallion but The stallion's face. Mirri Maz Duur had no use for the carcass. Burn the carcass, Dany told the men of her khas. Burn was what they did, Dany knew. When a man died, a man's mount was killed and placed beneath a man on the funeral pyre, to carry a man to the night lands. the men of her khas her khas dragged the carcass from the tent. The blood had gone everywhere. Even the sandsilk walls were spotted with red, and the rugs underfoot were black and wet.Braziers were lit. Mirri Maz Duur tossed a red powder onto the coals. a red powder gave the smoke a spicy scent, a pleasant enough smell, yet Eroeh fled sobbing, and Dany was filled with fear. But Dany had gone too far to turn back now. Dany sent Dany's handmaids away. Go with her handmaids, Dany, Mirri Maz Duur told Dany. Dany will stay, Dany said. The man took Dany under the stars and gave life to the child inside Dany. Dany will not leave The man. Dany must. Once Mirri Maz Duur begin to sing, no one must enter this tent. Mirri Maz Duur's song will wake powers old and dark. The dead will dance here this night. No living man must look on The dead. Dany bowed Dany's head, helpless. No one will enter. Dany bent over the tub, over Drogo in Drogo in his bath of blood's bath of blood, and kissed Drogo in his bath of blood lightly on the brow. Bring Drogo in his bath of blood back to Dany, Dany whispered to Mirri Maz Duur before Dany fled. Outside, the sun was low on the horizon, the sky a bruised red. The khalasar had made camp.Tents and sleeping mats were scattered as far as the eye could see. A hot wind blew. Jhogo and Aggo were digging a firepit to burn the dead stallion. A crowd had gathered to stare at Dany with hard black eyes, A crowd's faces like masks of beaten copper. Dany saw Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead's broad, balding forehead. Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead pushed Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead's way through the Dothraki to Dany's side. When Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead saw the scarlet footprints Dany's boots had left on the ground, the color seemed to drain from Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead's face. What have Dany done, Dany? Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead asked hoarsely. Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead had to save the dead stallion. We could have fled, Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead said. Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead would have seen Dany safe to Asshai, Dany. There was no need…  Am Dany truly Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead's ? Dany asked Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead. Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead know Dany are, gods save us both. Then help Dany now. Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead grimaced. Would that Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on his broad, balding forehead knew how. Mirri Maz Duur's voice rose to a high, ululating wail that sent a shiver down Dany's back. Some of the Dothraki began to mutter and back away.The tent was aglow with the light of braziers within. Through the blood-spattered sandsilk, she glimpsed shadows moving. Mirri Maz Duur was dancing, and not alone. she saw naked fear on the faces of the Dothraki. This must not be, Qotho thundered. she had not seen Qotho return. Haggo and Cohollo were with Qotho. Haggo and Cohollo had brought the hairless men, the eunuchs who healed with knife and needle and fire. This will be, she replied. she, Haggo growled. And old Cohollo—Cohollo who had bound Cohollo's life to Drogo's on the day of Cohollo's birth, Cohollo's—Cohollo spat full in she's face. she will die, she, Qotho promised, but the other must die first. Qotho drew Qotho's arakh and made for The tent. No, she shouted, Qotho mustn't. she caught Qotho by the shoulder, but Qotho shoved she aside. she fell to she's knees, crossing she's arms over she's belly to protect the other. Stop Qotho, she commanded she's khas, kill Qotho. Rakharo and Quaro stood beside the tent flap. Quaro took a step forward, reaching for the handle of Quaro's whip, but Qotho spun graceful as a dancer, his arakh rising. his arakh caught Quaro low under the arm, his arakh biting up through leather and skin, through muscle and rib bone.Blood fountained as the young rider reeled backward, gasping. Qotho wrenched the blade free. Horselord, Ser Jorah Mormont called. Try Ser Jorah Mormont. Ser Jorah Mormont's longsword slid from His longsword's scabbard. Qotho whirled, cursing. The arakh moved so fast that the young rider's blood flew from The arakh in a fine spray, like rain in a hot wind. His longsword caught The arakh a foot from Ser Jorah Mormont's face, and held The arakh quivering for an instant as Qotho howled in fury. Ser Jorah Mormont was clad in chainmail, with gauntlets and greaves of lobstered steel and a heavy gorget around Ser Jorah Mormont's throat, but Ser Jorah Mormont had not thought to don Ser Jorah Mormont's helm. Qotho danced backward, The arakh whirling around Qotho's head in a shining blur, flickering out like lightning as Ser Jorah Mormont came on in a rush. Ser Jorah Mormont parried as best Ser Jorah Mormont could, but the slashes came so fast that it seemed to Dany that Qotho had four arakhs and as many arms. Dany heard the crunch of sword on mail, saw sparks fly as the long curved blade glanced off a gauntlet. Suddenly it was Ser Jorah Mormont stumbling backward, and Qotho leaping to the attack. The left side of Ser Jorah Mormont's face ran red with blood, and a cut to the hip opened a gash in his mail and left Ser Jorah Mormont limping. Qotho screamed taunts at Ser Jorah Mormont, calling Ser Jorah Mormont a craven, a milk man, a eunuch in an iron suit. Ser Jorah Mormont die now! Qotho promised, The arakh shivering through the red twilight. Inside Dany's womb, Dany's son kicked wildly. the long curved blade slipped past the straight one and bit deep into Ser Jorah Mormont's hip where his mail gaped open. Ser Jorah Mormont grunted, stumbled.Dany felt a sharp pain in Dany's belly, a wetness on Dany's thighs. Qotho shrieked triumph, but Qotho's arakh had found bone, and for half a heartbeat his arakh caught. It was enough. Ser Jorah brought Ser Jorah's longsword down with all the strength left Ser Jorah, through flesh and muscle and bone, and Qotho's forearm dangled loose, flopping on a thin cord of skin and sinew. Ser Jorah's next cut was at Qotho's ear, so savage that Qotho's face seemed almost to explode. The Dothraki were shouting, Mirri Maz Duur wailing inside the tent like nothing human, Quaro pleading for water as Quaro died. Dany cried out for help, but no one heard. Rakharo was fighting Haggo, arakh dancing with arakh until Jhogo's whip cracked, loud as thunder, Jhogo's whip coiling around Haggo's throat. A yank, and Haggo stumbled backward, losing Haggo's feet and Haggo's sword. Rakharo sprang forward, howling, swinging Rakharo's arakh down with both hands through the top of Haggo's head. The point caught between Haggo's eyes, red and quivering. Someone threw a stone, and when Dany looked, Dany's shoulder was torn and bloody. No, Dany wept, no, please, stop it, it's too high, the price is too high. More stones came flying. Dany tried to crawl toward the tent, but Cohollo caught Dany. Fingers in Dany's hair, Cohollo pulled Dany's head back and Dany felt the cold touch of Cohollo's knife at Dany's throat. Dany's baby, Dany screamed, and perhaps the gods heard, for as quick as that, Cohollo was dead. Haggo's arrow took Cohollo under the arm, to pierce Cohollo's lungs and heart. When at last Dany found the strength to raise her head, Dany saw the crowd dispersing, The Dothraki stealing silently back to The Dothraki's tents and sleeping mats. Some were saddling horses and riding off.The sun had set. Fires burned throughout the khalasar, great orange blazes that crackled with fury and spit embers at the sky. She tried to rise, and agony seized She and squeezed She like a giant's fist. The breath went out of She; it was all She could do to gasp. The sound of Mirri Maz Duur's voice was like a funeral dirge. Inside the tent, the shadows whirled. An arm went under She's waist, and then Ser Jorah was lifting She off She's feet. Ser Jorah's face was sticky with blood, and She saw that half Ser Jorah's ear was gone. She convulsed in Ser Jorah's arms as agony took She again, and heard Ser Jorah shouting for She's handmaids to help Ser Jorah. Are her handmaids so afraid? She knew the answer. Another pain grasped She, and She bit back a scream. It felt as if She's son had a knife in each hand, as if her son were hacking at She to cut her son's way out. Doreah, curse Doreah, Ser Jorah roared. Come here. Fetch the birthing women. the birthing women will not come. the birthing women say She is accursed. the birthing women'll come or Ser Jorah'll have the birthing women's heads. Doreah wept.They are gone, my lord. The maegi, someone else said. Was that Aggo? Take her to The maegi. No, her wanted to say, no, not that, you mustn't, but when her opened her's mouth, a long wail of pain escaped, and the sweat broke over her's skin. What was wrong with them, couldn't them see? Inside the tent the shapes were dancing, circling the brazier and the bloody bath, dark against the sandsilk, and some did not look human. her glimpsed the shadow of a great wolf, and another like a man wreathed in flames. her knows the secrets of the birthing bed, Irri said. her said so, I heard her. Yes, Doreah agreed, Doreah heard her too. No, her shouted, or perhaps her only thought it, for no whisper of sound escaped her's lips. her was being carried. her's eyes opened to gaze up at a flat dead sky, black and bleak and starless. Please, no. The sound of Irri's voice grew louder, until The sound of Mirri Maz Duur's voice filled the world. the shapes her screamed. the shapes Ser Jorah carried her inside the tent.