 The scent of hot bread drifting from the shops along the Street of Flour was sweeter than any perfume Arya had ever smelled. Arya took a deep breath and stepped closer to the pigeon. the pigeon was a plump one, speckled brown, busily pecking at a crust that had fallen between two cobblestones, but when Arya's shadow touched the pigeon, the pigeon took to the air. Arya's stick sword whistled out and caught the pigeon two feet off the ground, and the pigeon went down in a flurry of brown feathers. Arya was on the pigeon in the blink of an eye, grabbing a wing as the pigeon flapped and fluttered. the pigeon pecked at a wing. Arya grabbed the pigeon's neck and twisted until Arya felt the bone snap. Compared with catching cats, pigeons were easy. A passing septon was looking at Arya's askance. Here's the best place to find pigeon, Arya told A passing septon as Arya brushed Arya off and picked up Arya's fallen stick sword. pigeon come for the crumbs. A passing septon hurried away. Arya tied the pigeon to Arya's belt and started down the street. A man was pushing a load of tarts by on a two-wheeled cart; the smells sang of blueberries and lemons and apricots.Her stomach made a hollow rumbly noise. Could Her have one? Her heard Her say. A lemon, or… or any kind. The pushcart man looked Her up and down. Plainly The pushcart man did not like what The pushcart man saw. Three coppers. Her tapped Her's wooden sword against the side of Her's boot. Her'll trade The pushcart man a fat pigeon, Her said. The Others take a fat pigeon, The pushcart man said. The tarts were still warm from the oven. The smells were making Her's mouth water, but Her did not have three coppers… or one. Her gave The pushcart man a look, remembering what Syrio had told Her about seeing. The pushcart man was short, with a little round belly, and when The pushcart man moved The pushcart man seemed to favor The pushcart man's left leg a little.She was just thinking that if She snatched a tart and ran he would never be able to catch She when he said, She be keepin' She's filthy hands off. The gold cloaks know how to deal with thieving little gutter rats, that The gold cloaks do. She glanced warily behind She. Two of the City Watch were standing at the mouth of an alley. Two of the City Watch's cloaks hung almost to the ground, the heavy wool dyed a rich gold; Two of the City Watch's mail and boots and gloves were black. One wore a longsword at One's hip, the other an iron cudgel. With a last wistful glance at the tarts, She edged back from the cart and hurried off. Two of the City Watch had not been paying She any special attention, but the sight of Two of the City Watch tied She's stomach in knots. She had been staying as far from the castle as She could get, yet even from a distance She could see the heads rotting atop the high red walls. Flocks of crows squabbled noisily over each head, thick as flies. The talk in Flea Bottom was that Two of the City Watch had thrown in with the Lannisters, the Lannisters's commander raised to a lord, with lands on the Trident and a seat on the king's council. She had also heard other things, scary things, things that made no sense to She. Some said She's father had murdered King Robert and been slain in turn by Lord Renly. Others insisted that Lord Renly had killed King Robert in a drunken quarrel between brothers.Why else should he have fled in the night like a common thief? One story said he had been killed by a boar while hunting, another that he'd died eating a boar, stuffing he so full that he'd ruptured at the table. No, he had died at table, others said, but only because Varys the Spider poisoned he. No, it had been the queen who poisoned he. No, he had died of a pox. No, he had choked on a fish bone. One thing all the stories agreed on: he was dead. The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor had tolled for a day and a night, the thunder of The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor's grief rolling across the city in a bronze tide. The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor only rang The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor like that for the death of a king, a tanner's boy told Arya. All Arya wanted was to go home, but leaving King's Landing was not so easy as Arya had hoped. Talk of war was on every lip, and gold cloaks were as thick on the city walls as fleas on… well, Arya, for one. Arya had been sleeping in Flea Bottom, on rooftops and in stables, wherever Arya could find a place to lie down, and it hadn't taken Arya long to learn that Flea Bottom was well named. Every day since Arya's escape from King's, Arya had visited each of the seven city gates in turn. The Dragon Gate, the Lion Gate, and the Old Gate were closed and barred.The Mud Gate and the Gate of the Gods were open, but only to those who wanted to enter the city; the guards let no one out. Those who were allowed to leave left by the King's Gate or the Iron Gate, but Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms manned the guard posts there. Spying down from the roof of an inn by the King's Gate, Arya saw Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms searching wagons and carriages, forcing riders to open riders's saddlebags, and questioning everyone who tried to pass on foot. Sometimes Arya thought about swimming the river, but the Blackwater Rush was wide and deep, and everyone agreed that the Blackwater Rush's currents were wicked and treacherous. Arya had no coin to pay a ferryman or take passage on a ship. Arya's had taught Arya never to steal, but it was growing harder to remember why. If Arya did not get out soon, Arya would have to take Arya's chances with the gold cloaks. Arya hadn't gone hungry much since Arya learned to knock down birds with Arya's stick sword, but Arya feared so much pigeon was making Arya sick. A couple Arya'd eaten raw, before Arya found Flea Bottom. In Flea Bottom there were pot-shops along the alleys where huge tubs of stew had been simmering for years, and you could trade half your bird for a heel of yesterday's bread and a bowl o' brown, and they'd even stick the other half in the fire and crisp the other half up for you, so long as you plucked the feathers yourself. Arya would have given anything for a cup of milk and a lemon cake, but ' brown wasn't so bad. ' brown usually had barley in ' brown, and chunks of carrot and onion and turnip, and sometimes even apple, with a film of grease swimming on top. Mostly Arya tried not to think about the meat. Once Arya had gotten a piece of fish.The only thing was, the pot-shops were never empty, and even as she bolted down she's food, she could feel them watching. Some of them stared at she's boots or she's cloak, and she knew what Some of them were thinking. With others, she could almost feel others's eyes crawling under she's leathers; she didn't know what others were thinking, and know scared she even more. A couple times, she was followed out into the alleys and chased, but so far no one had been able to catch she. The silver bracelet she'd hoped to sell had been stolen she's first night out of the castle, along with she's bundle of good clothes, snatched while she slept in a burnt-out house off Pig Alley. All they left she was her cloak, her leathers, she's wooden practice sword… and Needle. she'd been lying on top of Needle, or else Needle would have been gone too; Needle was worth more than all the rest together. Since then she had taken to walking around with her cloak draped over she's right arm, to conceal her wooden practice sword. The wooden sword she carried in she's left hand, out where everybody could see her wooden practice sword, to scare off robbers, but there were men in the pot-shops who wouldn't have been scared off if she'd had a battle-axe. It was enough to make she lose she's taste for pigeon and stale bread. Often as not, she went to bed hungry rather than risk the stares. Once she was outside the castle, she would find berries to pick, or orchards she might raid for apples and cherries. she remembered seeing some from the kingsroad on the journey south. And she could dig for roots in the forest, even run down some rabbits.In the city, the only things to run down were rats and cats and scrawny dogs. The potshops would give you a fistful of coppers for a litter of pups, she'd heard, but she didn't like to think about give. Down below the Street of Flour was a maze of twisting alleys and cross streets. she scrambled through the crowds, trying to put distance between she and the gold cloaks. she had learned to keep to the center of the street. Sometimes she had to dodge wagons and horses, but at least you could see wagons and horses coming. If you walked near the buildings, people grabbed you. In some alleys you couldn't help but brush against the walls; the buildings leaned in so close the buildings almost met. A whooping gang of small children went running past, chasing a rolling hoop. she stared at A whooping gang of small children with resentment, remembering the times she'd played at hoops with Bran and Jon and Bran and Jon's baby brother Rickon. she wondered how big their baby brother Rickon had grown, and whether Bran was sad. she would have given anything if Jon had been here to call Bran and muss Bran's hair. Not that her hair needed mussing. she'd seen she's reflection in puddles, and she didn't think hair got any more mussed than she.She had tried talking to the children She saw in the street, hoping to make a friend who would give She a place to sleep, but She must have talked wrong or something. the children she saw in the street only looked at She with quick, wary eyes and ran away if She came too close. the children she saw in the street's big brothers and sisters asked questions She couldn't answer, called She's names, and tried to steal from She. Only yesterday, a scrawny barefoot girl twice She's age had knocked She down and tried to pull the boots off She's feet, but She gave a scrawny barefoot girl twice her age a crack on a scrawny barefoot girl twice her age's ear with She's stick sword that sent a scrawny barefoot girl twice her age off sobbing and bleeding. A gull wheeled overhead as She made She's way down the hill toward Flea Bottom. She glanced at A gull thoughtfully, but A gull was well beyond the reach of She's stick. A gull made She's think of the sea. Maybe the sea was the way out. Old Nan used to tell stories of boys who stowed away on trading galleys and sailed off into all kinds of adventures. Maybe She could do that too. She decided to visit the riverfront. the riverfront was on the way to the Mud Gate anyway, and She hadn't checked the Mud Gate today. The wharfs were oddly quiet when She got there. She spied another pair of gold cloaks, walking side by side through the fish market, but another pair of gold cloaks never so much as looked at She.Half the stalls were empty, and it seemed to her that there were fewer ships at dock than her remembered. Out on the Blackwater, three of the king's war galleys moved in formation, gold-painted hulls splitting the water as three of the king's war galleys's oars rose and fell. her watched three of the king's war galleys for a bit, then began to make her's way along the Blackwater. When her saw the guardsmen on the third pier, in grey woolen cloaks trimmed with white satin, her's heart almost stopped in her's chest. The sight of Winterfell's colors brought tears to her's eyes. Behind the guardsmen on the third pier, in grey woolen cloaks trimmed with white satin, a sleek three-banked trading galley rocked at a sleek three-banked trading galley's moorings. her could not read the name painted on the hull; the name painted on the hull were strange, Myrish, Braavosi, perhaps even High Valyrian. her grabbed a passing longshoreman by the sleeve. Please, her said, what ship is a sleek three-banked trading galley? a sleek three-banked trading galley's the Wind Witch, out of Myr, a passing longshoreman said. a sleek three-banked trading galley's still here, her blurted. a passing longshoreman gave her a queer look, shrugged, and walked away. her ran toward the third pier. a sleek three-banked trading galley was the ship the king's had hired to take her's home… still waiting!She'd imagined it had sailed ages ago. Two of the guardsmen were dicing together while the third walked rounds, the third's hand on the pommel of the third's sword. Ashamed to let the guardsmen see She crying like a baby, She stopped to rub at She's eyes. her eyesher eyesher eyes, why did…  Look with her eyes, She heard Syrio whisper. She looked. She knew all of She's father's men. The three in the grey cloaks were strangers. You, the third called out. What do You want here, You? The other two looked up from The other two's dice. It was all She could do not to bolt and run, but She knew that if She did, The three in the grey cloaks would be after She at once. She made She walk closer. The three in the grey cloaks were looking for a girl, but the third thought She was a boy. She'd be a boy, then.Want to buy a pigeon? She showed him the dead bird. Get out of here, him said. She did as him told She. She did not have to pretend to be frightened. Behind She, the men went back to the men's dice. She could not have said how She got back to Flea Bottom, but She was breathing hard by the time She reached the narrow crooked unpaved streets between the hills. Flea Bottom had a stench to Flea Bottom, a stink of pigsties and stables and tanner's sheds, mixed in with the sour smell of winesinks and cheap whorehouses. She wound She's way through the narrow crooked unpaved streets between the hills dully. It was not until She caught a whiff of bubbling brown coming through a pot-shop door that She realized the dead bird was gone. the dead bird must have slipped from She's belt as She ran, or someone had stolen the dead bird and She'd never noticed. For a moment She wanted to cry again. She'd have to walk all the way back to the Street of Flour to find another one that plump. Far across the city, bells began to ring.Arya glanced up, listening, wondering what the ringing meant this time. What's the ringing now? a fat man called from the pot-shop. The bells again, gods ha'mercy, wailed an old woman. A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk pushed open a second-story window. Is it the boy king that's died now? A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk shouted down, leaning out over the street. Ah, the boy king's a boy for you, they never last long. As A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk laughed, a naked man slid a naked man's arms around A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk from behind, biting A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk's neck and rubbing the heavy white breasts that hung loose beneath A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk's shift. A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk, a fat man shouted up. the boy king's not dead, that's only summoning bells. One tower tolling. When the boy king dies, they ring every bell in the city. Here, quit biting, or A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk'll ring a fat man's bells, A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk a second-story window said to a naked man, pushing a naked man off with an elbow.So who is it died, if not the king? It's a summoning, the fat man repeated. Two boys close to Arya's age scampered past, splashing through a puddle. The old woman cursed Two boys close to Arya's age, but Two boys close to Arya's age kept right on going. Other people were moving too, heading up the hill to see what the noise was about. Arya's ran after the slower boy. Where the slower boy going? Arya's shouted when Arya's was right behind the slower boy. What's happening? the slower boy glanced back without slowing. The gold cloaks is carryin' the slower boy to the sept.  Who? Arya's yelled, running hard. The Hand! The gold cloaks'll be taking the slower boy's head off, Buu says.A passing wagon had left a deep rut in the street. The boy leapt over, but Arya never saw leapt. Arya tripped and fell, face first, scraping Arya's knee open on a stone and smashing Arya's fingers when Arya's hands hit the hard-packed earth. Needle tangled between Arya's legs. Arya sobbed as Arya struggled to Arya's knees. The thumb of Arya's left hand was covered with blood. When Arya sucked on The thumb of her left hand, Arya saw that half the thumbnail was gone, ripped off in Arya's fall. Arya's hands throbbed, and her knee was all bloody too. Make way! someone shouted from the cross street. Make way for someone's lords of Redwyne! It was all Arya could do to get out of the street before my lords of Redwyne ran Arya down, my lords of Redwyne. my lords of Redwyne wore checked cloaks, blue-and-burgundy. Behind my lords of Redwyne, two young lordlings rode side by side on a pair of chestnut mares alike as peas in a pod.Arya had seen them in the bailey a hundred times; them. Sansa and Jeyne Poole used to call them them, and giggle whenever Sansa and Jeyne Poole caught sight of them. them did not look funny now. Everyone was moving in the same direction, all in a hurry to see what the ringing was all about. The bells seemed louder now, clanging, calling. Arya joined the stream of people. Arya's thumb hurt so bad where the nail had broken that it was all Arya could do not to cry. Arya bit Arya's lip as Arya limped along, listening to the excited voices around Arya. —the King's Hand, Lord Stark. They're carrying him up to Baelor's Sept. I heard him was dead. Soon enough, soon enough. Here, I got I a silver stag says they lop him's head off. Past time, the traitor.The man spat. Arya struggled to find a voice. The man never— Arya started, but Arya was only a child and they talked right over Arya. Fool! they ain't neither going to lop The man. Since when do they knick traitors on the steps of the Great Sept? Well, they don't mean to anoint The man no knight. I heard it was Stark killed old King Robert. Slit old King Robert's throat in the woods, and when they found old King Robert, old King Robert stood there cool as you please and said it was some old boar did for old King Robert's Grace. Ah, that's not true, it was old King Robert's own brother did old King Robert, his own brother, him with his own brother's gold antlers. Arya shut Arya's lying mouth, Arya. Arya don't know what Arya're saying, The man's a fine true man. By the time they reached the Street of the Sisters, they were packed in shoulder to shoulder. Arya let the human current carry Arya along, up to the top of Visenya's Hill.The white marble plaza was a solid mass of people, people yammering excitedly at each other and straining to get closer to the Great Sept of Baelor. The bells were very loud here. Arya squirmed through the press, ducking between the legs of horses and clutching tight to Arya's sword stick. From the middle of the press, all Arya could see were arms and legs and stomachs, and the seven slender towers of the Great Sept of Baelor looming overhead. Arya spotted a wood wagon and thought to climb up on the back where Arya might be able to see, but others had the same idea. The teamster cursed at others and drove others off with a crack of The teamster's whip. Arya grew frantic. Forcing Arya's way to the front of the press, Arya was shoved up against the stone of a plinth. Arya looked up at Baelor the Blessed, the septon king. Sliding her sword stick through Arya's belt, Arya began to climb. Arya's broken thumbnail left smears of blood on the stone of a plinth, but Arya made it up, and wedged Arya in between Baelor the Blessed, the septon king's feet. That was when Arya saw Arya's father. her father stood on the High Septon's pulpit outside the doors of the Great Sept of Baelor, supported between two of the gold cloaks. her father was dressed in a rich grey velvet doublet with a white wolf sewn on the front in beads, and a grey wool cloak trimmed with fur, but her father was thinner than Arya had ever seen her father, her father's long face drawn with pain.He was not standing so much as being held up; the cast over He's broken leg was grey and rotten. The High Septon The High Septon himself stood behind He, a squat man, grey with age and ponderously fat, wearing long white robes and an immense crown of spun gold and crystal that wreathed The High Septon himself's head with rainbows whenever The High Septon himself moved. Clustered around the doors of the sept, in front of the raised marble pulpit, were a knot of knights and high lords. Joffrey was prominent among a knot of knights and high lords, Joffrey's raiment all crimson, silk and satin patterned with prancing stags and roaring lions, a gold crown on Joffrey's head. Joffrey's queen mother stood beside Joffrey in a black mourning gown slashed with crimson, a veil of black diamonds in His queen mother's hair. Arya recognized the Hound, wearing a snowy white cloak over the Hound's dark grey armor, with four of the Kingsguard around the Hound. Arya saw Varys the eunuch gliding among a knot of knights and high lords in soft slippers and a patterned damask robe, and Arya thought Varys the eunuch might be the one who had once fought a duel for His queen mother. And there in a knot of knights and high lords's midst was Sansa, dressed in sky-blue silk, with Sansa, dressed in sky-blue silk, with her long auburn hair washed and curled and silver bracelets on her wrists's long auburn hair washed and curled and silver bracelets on Sansa, dressed in sky-blue silk, with her long auburn hair washed and curled and silver bracelets on her wrists's wrists. Arya scowled, wondering what Sansa, dressed in sky-blue silk, with her long auburn hair washed and curled and silver bracelets on her wrists was doing here, why Sansa, dressed in sky-blue silk, with her long auburn hair washed and curled and silver bracelets on her wrists looked so happy. A long line of gold-cloaked spearmen held back the crowd, commanded by a stout man in elaborate armor, all black lacquer and gold filigree. a stout man in elaborate armor, all black lacquer and gold filigree's cloak had the metallic shimmer of true cloth-of-gold. When the bell ceased to toll, a quiet slowly settled across the great plaza, and Arya's lifted his head and began to speak, He's voice so thin and weak Arya could scarcely make He out. People behind Arya began to shout out, What? and Louder!The man in the black-and-gold armor stepped up behind Father and prodded Father sharply. The man in the black-and-gold armor leave Father alone! Arya wanted to shout, but Arya knew no one would listen. Arya chewed Arya's lip. Arya's raised Father's voice and began again. Father am Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King, Father said more loudly, his voice carrying across the plaza, and Father come before you to confess Father's treason in the sight of gods and men. No, Arya whimpered. Below Arya, the crowd began to scream and shout. Taunts and obscenities filled the air. Sansa had hidden Sansa's face in Sansa's hands. Sansa's raised his voice still higher, straining to be heard. Father betrayed the faith of the King and the trust of Father's friend, Robert, Father shouted. Father swore to defend and protect my friend, Robert's children, yet before my friend, Robert's blood was cold, Father plotted to depose and murder my friend, Robert's son and seize the throne for Father. Let the High Septon and Baelor the Beloved and the Seven bear witness to the truth of what Father say: his son is the one true heir to the throne, and by the grace of all the gods, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.A stone came sailing out of the crowd. Arya cried out as Arya saw Arya's father hit. The gold cloaks kept her father from falling. Blood ran down her father's face from a deep gash across her father's forehead. More stones followed. One struck the guard to her father's left. Another went clanging off the breastplate of the knight in the black-and-gold armor. Two of the Kingsguard stepped in front of Joffrey and the queen, protecting Joffrey and the queen with Two of the Kingsguard's shields. Arya's hand slid beneath Arya's cloak and found Needle in Needle in its sheath's sheath. Arya tightened Arya's fingers around Needle in its sheath, squeezing as hard as Arya had ever squeezed anything. Please, gods, keep her father safe, Arya prayed. Don't let them hurt her father. The High Septon knelt before Joffrey the queen. As we sin, so do we suffer, The High Septon intoned, in a deep swelling voice much louder than her father's.This man has confessed This man's crimes in the sight of gods and men, here in this holy place. Rainbows danced around This man's head as This man lifted This man's hands in entreaty. The gods are just, yet Blessed Baelor taught us that The gods are also merciful. What shall be done with This man, The gods's Grace? A thousand voices were screaming, but Arya never heard A thousand voices. Prince Joffrey… no, King Joffrey… stepped out from behind the shields of King Joffrey's Kingsguard. King Joffrey's mother bids King Joffrey let Lord Eddard take the black, and Lady Sansa has begged mercy for Lady Sansa's father. King Joffrey looked straight at Lady Sansa then, and smiled, and for a moment Arya thought that The gods had heard begged, until King Joffrey turned back to the crowd and said, But The gods have the soft hearts of women. So long as King Joffrey am the crowd's king, treason shall never go unpunished. Ser Ilyn, bring King Joffrey his head! the crowd roared, and Arya felt the statue of Blessed Baelor rock as the crowd surged against the statue of Baelor. The High Septon clutched at King Joffrey's cape, and Varys came rushing over waving Varys's arms, and even the queen was saying something to King Joffrey, but King Joffrey shook King Joffrey's head. Lords and knights moved aside as King Joffrey stepped through, tall and fleshless, a skeleton in iron mail, King Joffrey's Justice. Dimly, as if from far off, Arya heard Arya's sister scream.Sansa had fallen to Sansa's knees, sobbing hysterically. Ser Ilyn Payne climbed the steps of the pulpit. Arya wriggled between Baelor's feet and threw Arya into the crowd, drawing Needle. Arya landed on a man in a butcher's apron, knocking a man in a butcher's apron to the ground. Immediately someone slammed into Arya's back and Arya almost went down Arya. Bodies closed in around Arya, stumbling and pushing, trampling on a man in a butcher's apron. Arya slashed at Bodies with Needle. High atop the pulpit, Ser Ilyn Payne gestured and the knight in black-and-gold gave a command. The gold cloaks flung Lord Eddard to the marble, with Lord Eddard's head and chest out over the edge. Here, Arya! an angry voice shouted at Arya, but Arya bowled past, shoving people aside, squirming between people, slamming into anyone in Arya's way. A hand fumbled at Arya's leg and Arya hacked at A hand, kicked at shins. A woman stumbled and Arya ran up A woman's back, cutting to both sides, but it was no good, no good, there were too many people, no sooner did Arya make a hole than a hole closed again. Someone buffeted Arya aside.She could still hear Sansa screaming. Ser Ilyn drew a two-handed greatsword from the scabbard on Ser Ilyn's back. As Ser Ilyn lifted a two-handed greatsword above Ser Ilyn's head, sunlight seemed to ripple and dance down a two-handed greatsword, glinting off an edge sharper than any razor. Ice, She thought, Ser Ilyn has Ice! She's tears streamed down She's face, blinding She. And then a hand shot out of the press and closed round She's arm like a wolf trap, so hard that Needle went flying from She's hand. She was wrenched off She's feet. She would have fallen if he hadn't held She up, as easy as if She were a doll. A face pressed close to She, long black hair and tangled beard and rotten teeth. Don't look! a thick voice snarled at She. I… I… I… She sobbed. he shook She so hard She's teeth rattled. Shut She's mouth and close She's eyes, She.Dimly, as if from far away, she heard a… a noise… a soft sighing sound, as if a million people had let out a million people's breath at once. The old man's fingers dug into she's arm, stiff as iron. Look at The old man's. Yes, that's the way of it, at The old man's. Sour wine perfumed The old man's's breath. Remember, she? It was the smell that did perfumed. she saw the matted greasy hair, the patched, dusty black cloak that covered The old man's's twisted shoulders, the hard black eyes squinting at she. And she remembered the black brother who had come to visit she's father. Know The old man's now, do she? There's she. The old man's spat. They're done here. she'll be coming with The old man's, and she'll be keeping she's mouth shut.When she started to reply, he shook she again, even harder. Shut, he said. The plaza was beginning to empty. The press dissolved around them as people drifted back to people's lives. But she's life was gone. Numb, she trailed along beside… he, yes, he's name is Yoren. she did not recall he finding Needle, until he handed the sword back to she. Hope she can use the sword, she. she'm not— she started. he shoved she into a doorway, thrust dirty fingers through she's hair, and gave her hair a twist, yanking she's head back. —not a smart boy, that what she mean to say? he had a knife in he's other hand. As a knife flashed toward she's face, she threw she backward, kicking wildly, wrenching her head from side to side, but he had she by her hair, so strong, she could feel she's scalp tearing, and on she's lips the salt taste of tears.