 The oldest were men grown, seventeen and eighteen years from the day of The oldest's naming. One was past twenty. Most were younger, sixteen or less. Bran watched them from the balcony of Maester Luwin's turret, listening to them grunt and strain and curse as them swung them's staves and wooden swords. The yard was alive to the clack of wood on wood, punctuated all too often by thwacks and yowls of pain when a blow struck leather or flesh. Ser Rodrik strode among them, face reddening beneath Ser Rodrik's white whiskers, muttering at them one and all. Bran had never seen Ser Rodrik look so fierce. No, Ser Rodrik kept saying. No. No. No. them don't fight very well, Bran said dubiously. Bran scratched Summer idly behind the ears as Summer tore at a haunch of meat. Bones crunched between Summer's teeth. For a certainty, Maester Luwin's agreed with a deep sigh.The maester was peering through The maester's big Myrish lens tube, measuring shadows and noting the position of the comet that hung low in the morning sky. Yet given time… Ser Rodrik has the truth of it, we need men to walk the walls. Your lord father took the cream of Your lord father's guard to King's Landing, and Your's brother took the rest, along with all the likely lads for leagues around. Many will not come back to we, and we must needs find the men to take the men to take their places's places. Bran stared resentfully at the sweating boys below. If Bran still had Bran's legs, Bran could beat the sweating boys below. Bran remembered the last time Bran'd held a sword in Bran's hand, when King's had come to Winterfell. a sword was only a wooden sword, yet Bran'd knocked Prince Tommen down half a hundred times. Ser Rodrik should teach Bran to use a poleaxe. If Bran had a poleaxe with a big long haft, Hodor could be Bran's legs. We could be a knight together. The maester think be… unlikely, The maester said. Bran, when a man fights, a man's arms and legs and thoughts must be as one. Below in the yard, Ser Rodrik was yelling. Bran fight like a goose.He pecks you and you peck He harder. Parry! Block the blow. Goose fighting will not suffice. If those were real swords, the first peck would take your arm off! One of the other boys laughed, and He rounded on One of the other boys. One of the other boys laugh. You. Now that is gall. One of the other boys fight like a hedgehog…  There was a knight once who couldn't see, Bran said stubbornly, as He went on below. Old Nan told Old Nan about a knight once who couldn't see. a knight once who couldn't see had a long staff with blades at both ends and a knight once who couldn't see could spin a long staff with blades at both ends in a knight once who couldn't see's hands and chop two men at once. a knight once who couldn't see, Luwin said as Luwin marked numbers in a book. When a knight once who couldn't see lost a knight once who couldn't see's eyes, a knight once who couldn't see put star sapphires in the empty sockets, or so the singers claim. Bran, that is only a story, like the tales of Florian the Fool.A fable from the Age of Heroes. The maester tsked. You must put these dreams aside, these dreams will only break You's heart. The mention of dreams reminded The maester. You dreamed about the crow again last night. the crow the crow flew into You's bedchamber and told You to come with the crow, so You did. We went down to the crypts. Father was there, and We talked. Father was sad. And why was was? Luwin peered through Luwin's tube. was was something to do about Jon, Luwin think. dreamed had been deeply disturbing, more so than any of the other crow dreams. the crow won't go down into the crypts.The maester had only been half listening, Bran could tell. The maester lifted The maester's eye from the tube, blinking. Hodor won't…  Go down into the crypts. When I woke, I told Hodor to take I down, to see if Father was truly there. At first Hodor didn't know what I was saying, but I got Hodor to the steps by telling Hodor to go here and go there, only then Hodor wouldn't go down. Hodor just stood on the top step and said ‘Hodor,' like Hodor was scared of the dark, but I had a torch. It made I so mad I almost gave Hodor a swat in the head, like Old Nan is always doing. I saw the way The maester was frowning and hurriedly added, I didn't, though. Good. Hodor is a man, not a mule to be beaten. In the dream I flew down with the crow, but I can't do flew when I'm awake, Bran explained. Why would The maester want to go down to the crypts? I told Bran. To look for Father. The maester tugged at the chain around The maester's neck, as The maester often did when The maester was uncomfortable.Bran, Bran, one day Lord Eddard will sit below in stone, beside Lord Eddard's father and his father and all the Starks back to the old Kings in the North… but sit will not be for many years, gods be good. his father is a prisoner of the queen in King's Landing. Bran will not find his father in the crypts. his father was there last night. I talked to his father. I, the maester sighed, setting the maester's book aside. Would the maester like to go see? the maester can't. Hodor won't go, and the steps are too narrow and twisty for Dancer. the maester believe the maester can solve that difficulty. In place of Hodor, the wildling woman Osha was summoned. the wildling woman Osha was tall and tough and uncomplaining, willing to go wherever the wildling woman Osha was commanded. the wildling woman Osha lived the wildling woman Osha's life beyond the Wall, a hole in the ground won't fret the wildling woman Osha none, m'lords, the wildling woman Osha said. Summer, come, Bran called as the wildling woman Osha lifted the maester in wiry-strong arms.The direwolf left The direwolf's bone and followed as Osha carried Bran across the yard and down the spiral steps to the cold vault under the earth. Maester Luwin went ahead with a torch. Bran did not even mind—too badly—that Osha carried Bran in Osha's arms and not on Osha's back. Ser Rodrik had ordered Osha's chain struck off, since Osha had served faithfully and well since Osha had been at Winterfell. Osha still wore the heavy iron shackles around Osha's ankles—a sign that Osha was not yet wholly trusted—but the heavy iron shackles around her ankles did not hinder Osha's sure strides down the spiral steps. Bran could not recall the last time Bran had been in the cold vault under the earth. It had been before, for certain. When Bran was little, Bran used to play down here with Robb and Jon and Bran's sisters. Bran wished Robb and Jon and his sisters were here now; the cold vault under the earth might not have seemed so dark and scary. The direwolf stalked out in the echoing gloom, then stopped, lifted The direwolf's head, and sniffed the chill dead air. The direwolf bared The direwolf's teeth and crept backward, eyes glowing golden in the light of a torch. Osha, hard as old iron, seemed uncomfortable. Grim folk, by the look of them, Osha said as Osha eyed themthem's . them were the Kings of Winter, Bran whispered.Somehow it felt wrong to talk too loudly in this place. Osha smiled. Winter's got no king. If you'd seen got, you'd know got, you. They were the Kings in the North for thousands of years, Maester Luwin said, lifting the torch high so the light shone on the stone faces. Some were hairy and bearded, shaggy men fierce as the wolves that crouched by Some's feet. Others were shaved clean, Others's features gaunt and sharp-edged as the iron longswords across Others's laps. Hard men for a hard time. Come. Maester Luwin strode briskly down the vault, past the procession of stone pillars and the endless carved figures. A tongue of flame trailed back from the torch as Maester Luwin went. the vault was cavernous, longer than Winterfell Winterfell itself, and Jon had told Maester Luwin once that there were other levels underneath, vaults even deeper and darker where the older kings were buried. It would not do to lose the light. you refused to move from the steps, even when Osha followed the torch, Bran in Osha's arms.Do you recall you's history, you? the maester said as they walked. Tell Osha who they were and what they did, if you can. you looked at the passing faces and the tales came back to you. the maester had told you the tales, and Old Nan had made the tales come alive. That one is Jon Stark. When the sea raiders landed in the east, That one drove the sea raiders out and built the castle at White Harbor. That one's son was Rickard Stark, not you's father's father but another Rickard, His son took the Neck away from the Marsh King and married the Marsh King's daughter. Theon Stark's the real thin one with the long hair and the skinny beard. They called Theon Stark the ‘Hungry Wolf,' because Theon Stark was always at war. That's a Brandon, the tall one with the dreamy face, the tall one with the dreamy face was Brandon the Shipwright, because the tall one with the dreamy face loved the sea. the tall one with the dreamy face's tomb is empty. the tall one with the dreamy face tried to sail west across the Sunset Sea and was never seen again. the tall one with the dreamy face's son was Brandon the Burner, because His son put the torch to all my father's's ships in grief.There's Rodrik Stark, who won Bear Island in a wrestling match and gave Bear Island to the Mormonts. And that's Torrhen Stark, the King Who Knelt. He was the last King in the North and the first Lord of Winterfell, after He yielded to Aegon the Conqueror. Oh, there, He's Cregan Stark. He fought with Prince Aemon once, and Prince Aemon said Prince Aemon'd never faced a finer swordsman. They were almost at the end now, and Bran felt a sadness creeping over Bran. And there's Bran's grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys. my grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys's daughter Lyanna and my grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys's son Brandon are in the tombs beside my grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys. Not Bran, another Brandon, Bran's father's brother. His daughter Lyanna and his son Brandon're not supposed to have statues, have's only for the lords and the kings, but my father's loved His daughter Lyanna and his son Brandon so much my father's had His daughter Lyanna and his son Brandon done. His daughter Lyanna's a fair one, Osha said. Robert was betrothed to marry His daughter Lyanna, but Prince Rhaegar carried His daughter Lyanna off and raped His daughter Lyanna, Bran explained. Robert fought a war to win His daughter Lyanna back. Robert killed Prince Rhaegar on the Trident with Robert's hammer, but His daughter Lyanna died and Robert never got His daughter Lyanna back at all.A sad tale, said Osha, but those empty holes are sadder. Lord Eddard's tomb, for when Lord Eddard's's time comes, Maester Luwin said. Is this where you saw you's in you's dream, you? Yes. The memory made you shiver. you looked around this uneasily, the hairs on the back of you's neck bristling. Had you heard a noise? Was there someone here? Maester Luwin stepped toward this, torch in hand. As you see, Lord Eddard's's not here. Nor will Lord Eddard's be, for many a year. Dreams are only dreams, you. Maester Luwin thrust Maester Luwin's arm into the blackness inside this, as into the mouth of some great beast. Do you see?It's quite empt—  The darkness sprang at him, snarling. Bran saw eyes like green fire, a flash of teeth, fur as black as the pit around them. Maester Luwin yelled and threw up Maester Luwin's hands. The torch went flying from his hands, caromed off the stone face of Brandon Stark, and tumbled to Brandon Stark's feet, the flames licking up the statue's feet. In the drunken shifting torchlight, them saw Maester Luwin struggling with the direwolf, beating at Maester Luwin's muzzle with one hand while the jaws closed on the other. Summer! Bran screamed. And Summer came, shooting from the dimness behind them, a leaping shadow. Summer slammed into the direwolf and knocked the direwolf back, and the two direwolves rolled over and over in a tangle of grey and black fur, snapping and biting at each other, while Maester Luwin struggled to Maester Luwin's knees, Maester Luwin's arm torn and bloody. Osha propped Bran up against Lord Rickard's stone wolf as Osha hurried to assist Maester Luwin. In the light of The torch, shadow wolves twenty feet tall fought on the wall and roof. Shaggy, a small voice called. When Bran looked up, Shaggy was standing in the mouth of Father's tomb. With one final snap at Summer's face, the direwolf broke off and bounded to Lord Rickard's's side.You let my father be, Rickon warned Luwin. You let my father be. Rickon, Bran said softly. my father's not here. Yes my father is. Luwin saw my father. Tears glistened on Rickon's face. Luwin saw my father last night. In Rickon's dream…? Rickon nodded. You leave my father. You leave my father be. my father's coming home now, like my father promised. my father's coming home.Bran had never seen Maester Luwin took so uncertain before. Blood dripped down Maester Luwin's arm where Shaggydog had shredded the wool of Maester Luwin's sleeve and the flesh beneath. Osha, the torch, Maester Luwin said, biting through Maester Luwin's pain, and Osha snatched the torch up before the torch went out. Soot stains blackened both legs of Maester Luwin's uncle's likeness. That… Shaggydog, Maester Luwin went on, is supposed to be chained up in the kennels. Rickon patted Shaggydog's muzzle, damp with blood. Rickon let Shaggydog loose. Shaggydog doesn't like chains. Shaggydog licked at Shaggydog's fingers. Rickon, Bran said, would Rickon like to come with Bran? No. Rickon like it here. It's dark here. And cold.I'm not afraid. I have to wait for Father. I can wait with I, I said. We'll wait together, you and I and We's wolves. our wolves were licking wounds now, and would bear close watching. I, I said firmly, I know I mean well, but Shaggydog is too wild to run loose. I'm the third man Shaggydog's savaged. Give Shaggydog the freedom of the castle and it's only a question of time before Shaggydog kills someone. The truth is hard, but Shaggydog has to be chained, or… I hesitated. …or killed, I thought, but what I said was, Shaggydog was not made for chains. We will wait in I's tower, We. wait is quite impossible, I said. Osha grinned. The boy's the lordling here, as Osha recall.She handed Luwin back Luwin's torch and scooped Bran up into She's arms again. The maester's tower The maester's tower is. Will you come, you? you nodded. If Shaggy comes too, you said, running after She and Bran, and there was nothing Luwin could do but follow, keeping a wary eye on the wolves. The maester's tower was so cluttered that it seemed to Bran a wonder that Bran ever found anything. Tottering piles of books covered tables and chairs, rows of stoppered jars lined the shelves, candle stubs and puddles of dried wax dotted the furniture, the bronze Myrish lens tube sat on a tripod by the terrace door, star charts hung from the walls, shadow maps lay scattered among the rushes, papers, quills, and pots of inks were everywhere, and all of it was spotted with droppings from the ravens in the rafters. the ravens in the rafters's strident quorks drifted down from above as She washed and cleaned and bandaged Luwin's wounds, under Luwin's terse instruction. This is folly, She said while She dabbed at the maester's wounds with a stinging ointment. She agree that it is odd that both you boys dreamed the same dream, yet when both you boys stop to consider dreamed, dreamed's only natural. both you boys miss both you boys's lord father, and both you boys know that your lord father is a captive. Fear can fever a man's mind and give a man's queer thoughts. you is too young to comprehend—  you'm four now, you said. you was peeking through the bronze Myrish lens tube at the gargoyles on the First Keep.The direwolves sat on opposite sides of the large round room, licking The direwolves's wounds and gnawing on bones. —too young, and—ooh, seven hells, that burns, no, don't stop, more. Too young, as I say, but you, you, you're old enough to know that dreams are only dreams. Some are, some aren't. Osha poured pale red firemilk into a long gash. Luwin gasped. The children of the forest could tell you a thing or two about dreaming. Tears were streaming down Osha's face, yet Osha shook Osha's head doggedly. The children of the forest… live only in dreams. Now. Dead and gone. Enough, that's enough. Now the bandages. Pads and then wrap, and make it tight, Luwin'll be bleeding.Old Nan says the children knew the songs of the trees, that the children could fly like birds and swim like fish and talk to the animals, Bran said. Old Nan says that the children made music so beautiful that it made you cry like a little baby just to hear music so beautiful that it made you cry like a little baby just to hear it. And all this the children did with magic, Maester Luwin said, distracted. Maester Luwin wish the children were here now. A spell would heal Maester Luwin's arm less painfully, and the children could talk to Shaggydog and tell Shaggydog not to bite. Maester Luwin gave Shaggydog an angry glance out of the corner of Maester Luwin's eye. Take a lesson, Bran. The man who trusts in spells is dueling with a glass sword. As the children did. Here, let Maester Luwin show Bran something. Maester Luwin stood abruptly, crossed the room, and returned with a green jar in Maester Luwin's good hand. Have a look at these, Maester Luwin said as Maester Luwin pulled the stopper and shook out a handful of these. Bran picked one up. one's made of glass.Curious, Rickon drifted closer to peer over the table. Dragonglass, Osha named Dragonglass as Osha sat down beside Luwin, bandagings in hand. Obsidian, Luwin insisted, holding out Luwin's wounded arm. Forged in the fires of the gods, far below the earth. The children of the forest hunted with Dragonglass, thousands of years ago. The children of the forest worked no metal. In place of mail, The children of the forest wore long shirts of woven leaves and bound The children of the forest's legs in bark, so The children of the forest seemed to melt into the wood. In place of swords, The children of the forest carried blades of obsidian. And still do. Osha placed soft pads over the bites on his wounded arm and bound the bites on the maester's forearm tight with long strips of linen. Bran held the arrowhead up close. the arrowhead was slick and shiny. Bran thought the arrowhead beautiful. Can Bran keep one?As you wish, the maester said. you want one too, you said. you want four. you'm four. the maester made you count four out. Careful, they're still sharp. Don't cut you. Tell you about the children, you said. Tell was important. What do you wish to know? Everything. the maester tugged at the maester's chain collar where his chain collar chafed against the maester's neck. the children were people of the Dawn Age, the very first, before kings and kingdoms, the maester said. In those days, there were no castles or holdfasts, no cities, not so much as a market town to be found between here and the sea of Dorne.There were no men at all. Only the children of the forest dwelt in the lands we now call the Seven Kingdoms. Only the children of the forest were a people dark and beautiful, small of stature, no taller than children even when grown to manhood. Only the children of the forest lived in the depths of the forest, in caves and crannogs and secret tree towns. Slight as Only the children of the forest were, Only the children of the forest were quick and graceful. Male and female hunted together, with weirwood bows and flying snares. Only the children of the forest's gods were the gods of the forest, stream, and stone, the old gods whose names are secret. Their gods's wise men were called greenseers, and carved strange faces in the weirwoods to keep watch on the forest. How long Only the children of the forest reigned here or where Only the children of the forest came from, no man can know. But some twelve thousand years ago, the First Men appeared from the east, crossing the Broken Arm of Dorne before the Broken Arm of Dorne before it was broken was broken. the First Men came with bronze swords and great leathern shields, riding horses. No horse had ever been seen on this side of the narrow sea. No doubt Only the children of the forest were as frightened by horses as the First Men were by strange facesthe weirwoods. As the First Men carved out holdfasts and farms, the First Men cut down strange faces and gave strange faces to the fire.Horror-struck, the children went to war. The old songs say that the greenseers used dark magics to make the seas rise and sweep away the land, shattering the Arm, but it was too late to close the door. The wars went on until the earth ran red with blood of men and children both, but more children than men, for men were bigger and stronger, and wood and stone and obsidian make a poor match for bronze. Finally the wise of both races prevailed, and the chiefs and heroes of the First Men met the greenseers and wood dancers amidst the weirwood groves of a small island in the great lake called Gods Eye. There the chiefs and heroes of the First Men forged the Pact. the First Men were given the coastlands, the high plains and bright meadows, the mountains and bogs, but the deep woods were to remain forever the children's, and no more weirwoods were to be put to the axe anywhere in the realm. So the gods might bear witness to forged, every tree on a small island in the great lake called Gods Eye was given a face, and afterward, the sacred order of green men was formed to keep watch over a small island in the great lake called Gods Eye. the Pact began four thousand years of friendship between men and children. In time, the First Men even put aside the gods the First Men had brought with the First Men, and took up the worship of the secret gods of the wood. forged the Pact ended the Dawn Age, and began the Age of Heroes. Bran's fist curled around the shiny black arrowhead. But the children of the forest are all gone now, Bran's said. Here, the children of the forest are, said Osha, as Osha bit off the end of the last bandage with Osha's teeth. North of the Wall, things are different.That's where the children went, and the giants, and the other old races. Maester Luwin sighed. Woman, by rights Woman ought to be dead or in chains. The Starks have treated Woman more gently than Woman deserve. It is unkind to repay The Starks for The Starks's kindness by filling the children's heads with folly. Tell Woman where the children went, Woman said. Woman want to know. Me too, Rickon echoed. Oh, very well, Maester Luwin muttered. So long as the kingdoms of the First Men held sway, the Pact endured, all through the Age of Heroes and the Long Night and the birth of the kingdoms of the First Men, yet finally there came a time, many centuries later, when other peoples crossed the narrow sea. The Andals were the first, a race of tall, fair-haired warriors who came with steel and fire and the seven-pointed star of the new gods painted on The Andals's chests. The wars lasted hundreds of years, but in the end the six southron kingdoms all fell before The Andals. Only here, where the King in the North threw back every army that tried to cross the Neck, did the rule of the First Men endure. The Andals burnt out the weirwood groves, hacked down the faces, slaughtered the children where The Andals found the children, and everywhere proclaimed the triumph of the kingdoms of the First Men over the new gods.So the children fled north—  Summer began to howl. Maester Luwin broke off, startled. When Shaggydog bounded to Shaggydog's feet and added Shaggydog's voice to Maester Luwin's, dread clutched at Bran's heart. It's coming, Bran's whispered, with the certainty of despair. Bran's had known coming since last night, Bran's realized, since the crow had led Bran's down into the crypts to say farewell. Bran's had known coming, but Bran's had not believed. Bran's had wanted Maester Luwin to be right. the crow, Bran's thought, the crow…  The howling stopped as suddenly as The howling had begun. Summer padded across the tower floor to Shaggydog, and began to lick at a mat of bloody fur on the back of Summer's neck. From the window came a flutter of wings. A raven landed on the grey stone sill, opened A raven's beak, and gave a harsh, raucous rattle of distress. Rickon began to cry. Rickon's arrowheads fell from Rickon's hand one by one and clattered on the floor. Bran's pulled Rickon close and hugged Rickon.Maester Luwin stared at the black bird as if the black bird were a scorpion with feathers. Maester Luwin rose, slow as a sleepwalker, and moved to the window. When Maester Luwin whistled, the black bird hopped onto Maester Luwin's bandaged forearm. There was dried blood on the black bird's wings. A hawk, Maester Luwin murmured, perhaps an owl. Poor thing, a wonder the black bird got through. Maester Luwin took the letter from the black bird's leg. Bran found Bran shivering as Maester Luwin unrolled the letter. What is the letter? Bran said, holding Bran's brother all the harder. Bran know what the letter is, Bran, Osha said, not unkindly. Osha put Osha's hand on Bran's head. Maester Luwin looked up at them numbly, Maester LuwinMaester Luwin's Maester Luwin's . them, Maester Luwin said to them, in a voice gone hoarse and shrunken, we… we shall need to find a stonecarver who knew Maester Luwin's likeness well…