 In the tower room at the heart of Maegor's Holdfast, Sansa gave Sansa to the darkness. Sansa drew the curtains around Sansa's bed, slept, woke weeping, and slept again. When Sansa could not sleep Sansa lay under Sansa's blankets shivering with grief. Servants came and went, bringing meals, but the sight of food was more than Sansa could bear. The dishes piled up on the table beneath Sansa's window, untouched and spoiling, until Servants took The dishes away again. Sometimes Sansa's sleep was leaden and dreamless, and Sansa woke from her sleep more tired than when Sansa had closed Sansa's eyes. Yet those were the best times, for when Sansa dreamed, Sansa dreamed of Father. Waking or sleeping, Sansa saw Father, saw the gold cloaks fling Father down, saw Ser Ilyn striding forward, unsheathing Ice from the scabbard on Ser Ilyn's back, saw the moment… the moment when… Sansa had wanted to look away, Sansa had wanted to, Sansa's legs had gone out from under Sansa and Sansa had fallen to Sansa's knees, yet somehow Sansa could not turn Sansa's head, and all the people were screaming and shouting, and Sansa's prince had smiled at Sansa, her prince'd smiled and Sansa'd felt safe, but only for a heartbeat, until her prince said those words, and Father's legs… that was what Sansa remembered, her father's legs, the way her father's legs'd jerked when Ser Ilyn… when the sword…  Perhaps Sansa will die too, Sansa told Sansa, and the thought did not seem so terrible to Sansa. If Sansa flung Sansa from her window, Sansa could put an end to Sansa's suffering, and in the years to come the singers would write songs of Sansa's grief. Sansa's body would lie on the stones below, broken and innocent, shaming all those who had betrayed Sansa. Sansa went so far as to cross her bed and throw open the shutters… but then Sansa's courage left Sansa, and Sansa ran back to her bed, sobbing. The serving girls tried to talk to Sansa when The serving girls brought Sansa's meals, but Sansa never answered The serving girls.Once Grand Maester Pycelle came with a box of flasks and bottles, to ask if she was ill. Grand Maester Pycelle felt she's brow, made she undress, and touched she all over while she's bedmaid held she down. When Grand Maester Pycelle left Grand Maester Pycelle gave she a potion of honeywater and herbs and told she to drink a swallow every night. she drank a potion of honeywater and herbs right then and went back to sleep. she dreamt of footsteps on the tower stair, an ominous scraping of leather on stone as a man climbed slowly toward she's bedchamber, step by step. All she could do was huddle behind she's door and listen, trembling, as a man came closer and closer. It was Ser Ilyn Payne, she knew, coming for she with Ice in Ser Ilyn Payne's hand, coming to take she's head. There was no place to run, no place to hide, no way to bar her door. Finally footsteps on the tower stair stopped and she knew Ser Ilyn Payne was just outside, standing there silent with Ser Ilyn Payne's dead eyes and Ser Ilyn Payne's long pocked face. That was when she realized she was naked. she crouched down, trying to cover she with she's hands, as her door began to swing open, creaking, the point of the greatsword poking through…  she woke murmuring, Please, please, she'll be good, she'll be good, please don't, but there was no one to hear. When they finally came for she in truth, she never heard they's footsteps.It was Joffrey who opened her door, not Ser Ilyn but Joffreyher's . her was in bed, curled up tight, her's curtains drawn, and her could not have said if it was noon or midnight. The first thing her heard was the slam of her door. Then her's bed hangings were yanked back, and her threw up a hand against the sudden light and saw them standing over her. her will attend Joffrey in court this afternoon, Joffrey said. See that her bathe and dress as befits Joffrey's betrothed. Sandor Clegane stood at Joffrey's shoulder in a plain brown doublet and green mantle, Sandor Clegane's burned face hideous in the morning light. Behind them were two knights of the Kingsguard in long white satin cloaks. her drew her's blanket up to her's chin to cover her. No, her whimpered, please… leave her be. If her won't rise and dress her, Joffrey's Hound will do dress for her, Joffrey said. her beg of Joffrey, her's …  Joffrey'm king now.Dog, get her out of bed. Sandor Clegane scooped her up around the waist and lifted her off the featherbed as her struggled feebly. her's blanket fell to the floor. Underneath her had only a thin bedgown to cover her's nakedness. Do as her're bid, her, Sandor Clegane said. Dress. Sandor Clegane pushed her toward her's wardrobe, almost gently. Sansa backed away from them. Sansa did as the queen asked, Sansa wrote the letters, Sansa wrote what the queen told Sansa. the queen promised the queen'd be merciful. Please, let Sansa go home.I won't do any treason, I'll be good, I swear it, I don't have traitor's blood, I don't. I only want to go home. Remembering I's courtesies, I lowered I's head. As it please you, I finished weakly. it does not please you, you said. Mother says you'm still to marry I, so I'll stay here, and I'll obey. you don't want to marry Mother, I wailed. Mother chopped off you's father's head! my father's was a traitor. Mother never promised to spare my father's, only that Mother'd be merciful, and Mother was. If my father's hadn't been you's father, Mother would have had my father's torn or flayed, but Mother gave my father's a clean death.Sansa stared at him, seeing him for the first time. him was wearing a padded crimson doublet patterned with lions and a cloth-of-gold cape with a high collar that framed him's face. Sansa wondered how Sansa could ever have thought him handsome. him's lips were as soft and red as the worms you found after a rain, and him's eyes were vain and cruel. Sansa hate him, Sansa whispered. him's face hardened. him's mother tells him that it isn't fitting that a king should strike a king's wife. him him was on Sansa before Sansa could think, yanking back Sansa's hand as Sansa tried to shield his face and backhanding Sansa across the ear with a gloved fist. Sansa did not remember failing, yet the next Sansa knew Sansa was sprawled on one knee amongst the rushes. Sansa's head was ringing.Ser Meryn Trant stood over her, with blood on the knuckles of Ser Meryn Trant's white silk glove. Will her obey now, or shall Ser Meryn Trant have him chastise her again? her's ear felt numb. her touched Sansa's ear, and her's fingertips came away wet and red. her… as… as him command, him. Your Grace, him corrected her. him shall look for her in court. him turned and left. Ser Meryn Trant and Ser Arys followed him out, but Sandor Clegane lingered long enough to yank her roughly to her's feet. Save her some pain, her, and give him what him wants. What… what does him want?Please, tell me. He wants you to smile and smell sweet and be He's lady love, the Hound rasped. He wants to hear you recite all you's pretty little words the way the septa taught you. He wants you to love He… and fear He. After the Hound was gone, you sank back onto the rushes, staring at the wall until two of you's bedmaids crept timidly into the chamber. you will need hot water for you's bath, please, you told two of her bedmaids, and perfume, and some powder to hide this bruise. The right side of you's face was swollen and beginning to ache, but you knew He would want you to be beautiful. hot water for my bath made you's think of Winterfell, and you took strength from think. you had not washed since the day you's father died, and you was startled at how filthy hot water for my bath became. two of her bedmaids sluiced the blood off her face, scrubbed the dirt from you's back, washed you's hair and brushed her hair out until her hair sprang back in thick auburn curls. you did not speak to two of her bedmaids, except to give two of her bedmaids commands; two of her bedmaids were Lannister servants, not you's own, and you did not trust two of her bedmaids.When the time came to dress, she chose the green silk gown that she had worn to the tourney. she recalled how gallant Joff had been to she that night at the feast. Perhaps the green silk gown that she had worn to the tourney would make Joff remember as well, and treat she more gently. she drank a glass of buttermilk and nibbled at some sweet biscuits as she waited, to settle she's stomach. It was midday when Ser Meryn returned. Ser Meryn had donned Ser Meryn's white armor; a shirt of enameled scales chased with gold, a tall helm with a golden sunburst crest, greaves and gorget and gauntlet and boots of gleaming plate, a heavy wool cloak clasped with a golden lion. Ser Meryn's visor had been removed from a tall helm with a golden sunburst crest, to better show Ser Meryn's dour face; pouchy bags under Ser Meryn's eyes, a wide sour mouth, rusty hair spotted with grey. she, Ser Meryn said, bowing, as if Ser Meryn had not beaten she's bloody only three hours past. Joff has instructed Ser Meryn to escort she to the throne room. Did Joff instruct Ser Meryn to hit she if she refused to come? Are she refusing to come, she?The look he gave her was without expression. he did not so much as glance at the bruise he had left her. he did not hate her, her realized; neither did he love her. he felt nothing for her at all. her was only a… a thing to he. No, her said, rising. her wanted to rage, to hurt he as he'd hurt her, to warn he that when her was queen her would have he exiled if he ever dared strike her again… but her remembered what the Hound had told her, so all her said was, her shall do whatever His Grace commands. As he do, he replied. Yes… but her are no true knight, her. Sandor Clegane would have laughed at are, her knew. Other men might have cursed her, warned her to keep silent, even begged for her's forgiveness.Ser Meryn Trant did none of these. Ser Meryn Trant simply did not care. The balcony was deserted save for Sansa. Sansa stood with Sansa's head bowed, fighting to hold back Sansa's tears, while below Joffrey sat on Joffrey's Iron Throne and dispensed what it pleased Joffrey to call justice. Nine cases out of ten seemed to bore Joffrey; those Joffrey allowed Joffrey's council to handle, squirming restlessly while Lord Baelish, Grand Maester Pycelle, or Queen Cersei resolved the matter. When Joffrey did choose to make a ruling, though, not even Joffrey's queen mother could sway Joffrey. A thief was brought before Joffrey and Joffrey had Ser Ilyn chop A thief's hand off, right there in court. Two knights came to Joffrey with a dispute about some land, and Joffrey decreed that Two knights should duel for some land on the morrow. To the death, Joffrey added. A woman fell to A woman's knees to plead for the head of a man executed as a traitor. A woman had loved a man executed as a traitor, A woman said, and A woman wanted to see a man executed as a traitor decently buried.If you loved a traitor, you must be a traitor too, Joffrey said. Two gold cloaks dragged you off to the dungeons. Frog-faced Lord Slynt sat at the end of the council table wearing a black velvet doublet and a shiny cloth-of-gold cape, nodding with approval every time Joffrey pronounced a sentence. you stared hard at Frog-faced Lord Slynt's ugly face, remembering how Frog-faced Lord Slynt had thrown down you's father for Ser Ilyn to behead, wishing you could hurt Frog-faced Lord Slynt, wishing that some hero would throw Frog-faced Lord Slynt down and cut off Frog-faced Lord Slynt's head. But a voice inside you's whispered, There are no heroes, and you remembered what Lord Petyr had said to you, here in this very hall. Life is not a song, you, Lord Petyr'd told you. you may learn is one day to you's sorrow. In life, the monsters win, you told you, and now it was the Hound's voice you heard, a cold rasp, metal on stone. Save you some pain, you, and give the Hound's what the Hound's wants. The last case was a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert. Joffrey commanded them to fetch a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert's woodharp and ordered a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert to perform a song that ridiculed the late King Robert for the court.The singer wept and swore The singer would never sing that song again, but the king insisted. that song was sort of a funny song, all about Robert fighting with a pig. a pig was the boar who'd killed Robert, Sansa knew, but in some verses that song almost sounded as if The singer were singing about Sansa. When that song was done, the king announced that the king'd decided to be merciful. The singer could keep either The singer's fingers or The singer's tongue. The singer would have a day to make The singer's choice. The singer nodded. That was the final business of the afternoon, Sansa saw with relief, but Sansa's ordeal was not yet done. When the herald's voice dismissed the court, Sansa fled the balcony, only to find the king waiting for Sansa at the base of the curving stairs. The Hound was with the king, and Ser Meryn as well. the king examined Sansa critically, top to bottom.You look much better than You did. Thank you, you, You said. Hollow words, but Hollow words made You nod and smile. Walk with you, you commanded, offering You you's arm. You had no choice but to take his arm. The touch of his arm would have thrilled You once; now The touch of his hand made You's flesh crawl. you's name day will be here soon, you said as they slipped out the rear of the throne room. There will be a great feast, and gifts. What are You going to give you? You… You had not thought, you. you, you said sharply.You truly are a stupid girl, aren't You? You's mother says so. My mother does? After all that had happened, his words should have lost his words's power to hurt You, yet somehow his words had not. My mother had always been so kind to You. Oh, yes. My mother worries about our children, whether our children'll be stupid like You, but I told My mother not to trouble My mother. The king gestured, and Ser Meryn opened a door for them. Thank I, I, You murmured. The Hound was right, You thought, You am only a little bird, repeating the words they taught You. The sun had fallen below the western wall, and the stones of the Red Keep glowed dark as blood.I'll get you with child as soon as you're able, I said as I escorted you across the practice yard. If the first one is stupid, I'll chop off you's head and find a smarter wife. When do you think you'll be able to have children? you could not look at I, I shamed you so. Septa Mordane says most… most highborn girls have most highborn girls's flowering at twelve or thirteen. I nodded. This way. I led you into the gatehouse, to the base of the steps that led up to the battlements. you jerked back away from I, trembling. Suddenly you knew where they were going. No, you said, you's voice a frightened gasp.Please, no, don't make me, me beg you…  Joffrey pressed Joffrey's lips together. Joffrey want to show me what happens to traitors. me shook me's head wildly. me won't. me won't. Joffrey can have Ser Meryn drag me up, Joffrey said. me won't like drag. me had better do what Joffrey say. Joffrey reached for me, and me cringed away from Joffrey, backing into the Hound. Do it, me, Sandor Clegane told me, pushing me back toward you. Sandor Clegane's mouth twitched on the burned side of Sandor Clegane's face and me could almost hear the rest of His mouth.He'll have you up there no matter what, so give He what He wants. you forced you to take He's hand. The climb was something out of a nightmare; every step was a struggle, as if you were pulling you's feet out of ankle-deep mud, and there were more steps than you would have believed, a thousand thousand steps, and horror waiting on the ramparts. From the high battlements of the gatehouse, the whole world spread out below them. you could see the Great Sept of Baelor on Visenya's hill, where you's father had died. At the other end of the Street of the Sisters stood the fire-blackened ruins of the Dragonpit. To the west, the swollen red sun was half-hidden behind the Gate of the Gods. The salt sea was at you back, and to the south was the fish market and the docks and the swirling torrent of the Blackwater Rush. And to the north…  you turned that way, and saw only the city, streets and alleys and hills and bottoms and more streets and more alleys and the stone of distant walls. Yet you knew that beyond distant walls was open country, farms and fields and forests, and beyond open country, farms and fields and forests, north and north and north again, stood Winterfell. What are you looking at?Joffrey said. This is what Joffrey wanted you to see, right here. A thick stone parapet protected the outer edge of the rampart, reaching as high as Sansa's chin, with crenellations cut into A thick stone parapet every five feet for archers. The heads were mounted between crenellations cut into it every five feet for archers, along the top of the rampart, impaled on iron spikes so The heads faced out over the city. Sansa's had noted The heads the moment you'd stepped out onto the wallwalk, but the river and the bustling streets and the setting sun were ever so much prettier. Sansa's can make you look at The heads, you told you, but Sansa's can't make you see The heads. This one is you's father, Sansa's said. This one. Dog, turn This one around so you can see This one. Dog took This one by the hair and turned This one. This one had been dipped in tar to preserve This one longer.Sansa looked at it calmly, not seeing it at all. it did not really look like Lord Eddard, Sansa thought; it did not even look real. How long do Sansa have to look? Joffrey seemed disappointed. Do Sansa want to see the rest? There was the restthe rest. If it please Sansa's Grace. Joffrey marched Sansa down the wallwalk, past a dozen more heads and two empty spikes. Joffrey'm saving two empty spikes for Joffrey's uncle Stannis and Joffrey's uncle Renly, Joffrey explained. the rest had been dead and mounted much longer than Lord Eddard. Despite the tar, most were long past being recognizable.The king pointed to one and said, That's your septa there, but your could not even have told that That was a woman. The jaw had rotted off That's face, and birds had eaten one ear and most of a cheek. your had wondered what had happened to That, although your supposed your had known all along. Why did The king kill That? your asked. That was godsworn…  That was a traitor. The king looked pouty; somehow your was upsetting The king. your haven't said what your mean to give The king for The king's name day. Maybe The king should give your something instead, would your like give? If it please The king, The king, your said. When The king smiled, your knew The king was mocking your.Your brother is a traitor too, Your know. He turned Septa Mordane's head back around. He remember Your brother. He's dog called Your brother the lord of the wooden sword. Didn't My dog, My dog? Did He? My dog replied. My dog don't recall. He gave a petulant shrug. Your brother defeated He's uncle Jaime. He's mother says defeated was treachery and deceit.She wept when She heard. Women are all weak, even her, though She pretends She isn't. She says we need to stay in King's Landing in case King's's other uncles attack, but King's don't care. After King's's name day feast, King's'm going to raise a host and kill She's brother King's. That's what King's'll give She, She. That A kind of madness took over She then, and She heard She say, Maybe your brother will give She That. King's scowled. She must never mock King's like that. A true wife does not mock A true wife's lord. Ser Meryn, teach She.This time the knight grasped her beneath the jaw and held her's head still as the knight struck her. the knight hit her twice, left to right, and harder, right to left. her's lip split and blood ran down her's chin, to mingle with the salt of her's tears. her shouldn't be crying all the time, Joffrey told her. her're more pretty when her smile and laugh. her made her smile, afraid that Joffrey would have the knight hit her again if her did not, but it was no good, Joffrey still shook Joffrey's head. Wipe off the blood, her're all messy. The outer parapet came up to her chin, but along the inner edge of the walk was nothing, nothing but a long plunge to the bailey seventy or eighty feet below. All it would take was a shove, her told her. the knight was standing right there, right there, smirking at her with those fat wormlips. her could do it, her told her.You could. Do it right now. It wouldn't even matter if she went over with him. It wouldn't matter at all. Here, she. Sandor Clegane knelt before she, between she and him. With a delicacy surprising in such a big man, Sandor Clegane dabbed at the blood welling from she's broken lip. The moment was gone. she lowered she's eyes. Thank Sandor Clegane, she said when Sandor Clegane was done. she was a good girl, and always remembered she's courtesies.