 Wings shadowed her fever dreams. her don't want to wake the dragon, do her? her was walking down a long hall beneath high stone arches. her could not look behind her, must not look behind her. There was a door ahead of her, tiny with distance, but even from afar, her saw that a door was painted red. her walked faster, and her's bare feet left bloody footprints on the stone. her don't want to wake the dragon, do her? her saw sunlight on the Dothraki sea, the living plain, rich with the smells of earth and death. Wind stirred the grasses, and the grasses rippled like water. Drogo held her in strong arms, and Drogo's hand stroked her's sex and opened her and woke that sweet wetness that was Drogo's alone, and the stars smiled down on them, stars in a daylight sky. Home, her whispered as Drogo entered her and filled her with Drogo's seed, but suddenly the stars were gone, and across the blue sky swept the great wings, and the world took flame. …don't want to wake the dragon, do her? Ser Jorah's face was drawn and sorrowful. the dragon was the last dragon, Ser Jorah's told her. Ser Jorah's warmed translucent hands over a glowing brazier where stone eggs smouldered red as coals. One moment Ser Jorah's was there and the next Ser Jorah's was fading, Ser Jorah's's flesh colorless, less substantial than the wind.The last dragon, The last dragon whispered, thin as a wisp, and was gone. She felt the dark behind She, and the red door seemed farther away than ever. …don't want to wake The last dragon, do She? Viserys stood before She, screaming. The last dragon does not beg, She. She do not command The last dragon. Viserys am The last dragon, and Viserys will be crowned. The molten gold trickled down Viserys's face like wax, burning deep channels in Viserys's flesh. Viserys am The last dragon and Viserys will be crowned! Viserys shrieked, and Viserys's fingers snapped like snakes, biting at She's nipples, pinching, twisting, even as Viserys's eyes burst and ran like jelly down seared and blackened cheeks. …don't want to wake The last dragon…  the red door was so far ahead of She, and She could feel the icy breath behind, sweeping up on She. If the icy breath caught She She would die a death that was more than death, howling forever alone in the darkness. She began to run. …don't want to wake The last dragon…  She could feel the heat inside She, a terrible burning in She's womb. She's son was tall and proud, with Drogo's copper skin and She's own silver-gold hair, violet eyes shaped like almonds. And Her son smiled for She and began to lift Her son's hand toward She, but when Her son opened Her son's mouth the fire poured out.She saw his heart burning through his's chest, and in an instant his was gone, consumed like a moth by a candle, turned to ash. She wept for She's child, the promise of a sweet mouth on She's breast, but She's tears turned to steam as her tears touched She's skin. …want to wake the dragon…  Ghosts lined the hallway, dressed in the faded raiment of kings. In Ghosts's hands were swords of pale fire. Ghosts had hair of silver and hair of gold and hair of platinum white, and Ghosts's eyes were opal and amethyst, tourmaline and jade. Faster, Ghosts cried, faster, faster. She raced, She's feet melting the stone wherever her feet touched. Faster! Ghosts cried as one, and She screamed and threw She forward. A great knife of pain ripped down She back, and She felt She's skin tear open and smelled the stench of burning blood and saw the shadow of wings. And She flew. …wake the dragon…  The door loomed before She, The door, so close, so close, the hallway was a blur around She, the cold receding behind. And now the stone was gone and She flew across the Dothraki sea, high and higher, the green rippling beneath, and all that lived and breathed fled in terror from the shadow of She's wings. She could smell home, She could see home, there, just beyond The door, green fields and great stone houses and arms to keep She warm, there. She threw open The door. …the dragon…  And saw She's brother Rhaegar, mounted on a stallion as black as her brother Rhaegar's armor.Fire glimmered red through the narrow eye slit of his helm. The last dragon, Ser Jorah's voice whispered faintly. The last, the last. Dany lifted his's polished black visor. The face within was Dany's own. After that, for a long time, there was only the pain, the fire within Dany, and the whisperings of stars. Dany woke to the taste of ashes. No, Dany moaned, no, please. Khaleesi? Jhiqui hovered over Dany, a frightened doe. The tent was drenched in shadow, still and close. Flakes of ash drifted upward from a brazier, and Dany followed Flakes of ash with Dany's eyes through the smoke hole above. Flying, Dany thought. Dany had wings, Dany was flying. But it was only a dream. Help Dany, Dany whispered, struggling to rise.Bring me… me's voice was raw as a wound, and me could not think what me wanted. Why did me hurt so much? It was as if me's body had been torn to pieces and remade from the scraps. me want…  Yes, Khaleesi. Quick as that Jhiqui was gone, bolting from the tent, shouting. me needed… something… someone… what? It was important, me knew. It was the only thing in the world that mattered. me rolled onto me's side and got an elbow under me, fighting the blanket tangled about me's legs. It was so hard to move. The world swam dizzily. me have to…  They found me on the carpet, crawling toward me's dragon eggs. Ser Jorah Mormont lifted me in Ser Jorah Mormont's arms and carried me back to me's sleeping silks, while me struggled feebly against Ser Jorah Mormont. Over Ser Jorah Mormont's shoulder me saw me three handmaids, Jhogo with Jhogo with his little wisp of mustache's little wisp of mustache, and the flat broad face of Mirri Maz Duur. me must, me tried to tell her three handmaids, Jhogo with his little wisp of mustache, and the flat broad face of Mirri Maz Duur, me have to…  …sleep, me, Ser Jorah Mormont said.No, Dany said. Please. Please. Yes. Dany covered her with silk, though her was burning. Sleep and grow strong again, her. Come back to us. And then Mirri Maz Duur was there, Mirri Maz Duur, tipping a cup against her's lips. her tasted sour milk, and something else, something thick and bitter. Warm liquid ran down her's chin. Somehow her swallowed. The tent grew dimmer, and sleep took her again. This time her did not dream. her floated, serene and at peace, on a black sea that knew no shore. After a time—a night, a day, a year, her could not say—her woke again.The tent was dark, The tent's silken walls flapping like wings when the wind gusted outside. This time Dany did not attempt to rise. Irri, Dany called, Jhiqui. Doreah. They were there at once. Dany's throat is dry, Dany said, so dry, and They brought Dany's water. her water was warm and flat, yet Dany drank her water eagerly, and sent Jhiqui for more. Irri dampened a soft cloth and stroked Dany's brow. Dany have been sick, Dany said. Irri nodded. How long? a soft cloth was soothing, but Irri seemed so sad, it frightened Irri. Long, Irri whispered. When Jhiqui returned with more water, Mirri Maz Duur came with Dany, eyes heavy from sleep. Drink, Mirri Maz Duur said, lifting Dany's head to the cup once more, but this time the cup was only wine.Sweet, sweet wine. Dany drank, and lay back, listening to the soft sound of Dany's own breathing. Dany could feel the heaviness in Dany's limbs, as sleep crept in to fill Dany up once more. Bring Dany… Dany murmured, Dany's voice slurred and drowsy. Bring… Dany want to hold…  Yes? the maegi asked. What is it Dany wish, Dany? Bring Dany… egg… dragon's egg… please… Dany's lashes turned to lead, and Dany was too weary to hold Her lashes up. When Dany woke the third time, a shaft of golden sunlight was pouring through the smoke hole of the tent, and Dany's arms were wrapped around a dragon's egg. a dragon's egg was the pale one, a dragon's egg's scales the color of butter cream, veined with whorls of gold and bronze, and Dany could feel the heat of a dragon's egg. Beneath Dany's bedsilks, a fine sheen of perspiration covered Dany's bare skin. Dragondew, Dany thought. Dany's fingers trailed lightly across the surface of the shell, tracing the wisps of gold, and deep in the stone Dany felt something twist and stretch in response. It did not frighten Dany. All Dany's fear was gone, burned away.Dany touched Dany's brow. Under the film of sweat, Dany's skin was cool to the touch, Dany's fever gone. Dany made Dany sit. There was a moment of dizziness, and the deep ache between Dany's thighs. Yet Dany felt strong. Dany's maids came running at the sound of Dany's voice. Water, Dany told Her maids, a flagon of water, cold as Her maids can find a flagon of water, cold as you can find it. And fruit, Dany think. Dates. As Dany say, Dany. Dany want Ser Jorah, Dany said, standing. Jhiqui brought a sandsilk robe and draped a sandsilk robe over Dany's shoulders. And a warm bath, and Mirri Maz Duur, and… Memory came back to Dany all at once, and Dany faltered. Khal Drogo, Dany forced Dany to say, watching their faces with dread. Is he—?The khal lives, Irri answered quietly… yet Dany saw a darkness in Irri's eyes when Irri said the words, and no sooner had Irri spoken than Dany rushed away to fetch water. Dany turned to Doreah. Tell Dany. Doreah… Doreah shall bring Ser Jorah, Doreah said, bowing Doreah's head and fleeing the tent. Jhiqui would have run as well, but Dany caught Jhiqui by the wrist and held Jhiqui captive. What is it? Dany must know. Drogo… and Dany's child. Why had Dany not remembered my child until now? my child… where is my child? Dany want my child. Jhiqui lowered Jhiqui's eyes. my child… my child did not live, Dany. Jhiqui's voice was a frightened whisper. Dany released the wrist.My son is dead, My thought as Jhiqui left the tent. My had known somehow. My had known since My woke the first time to Jhiqui's tears. No, My had known before My woke. My's dream came back to My, sudden and vivid, and My remembered the tall man with the copper skin and long silver-gold braid, bursting into flame. My should weep, My knew, yet My's eyes were dry as ash. My had wept in Her dream, and Jhiqui's tears had turned to steam on My's cheeks. All the grief has been burned out of My, My told My. My felt sad, and yet… My could feel My son receding from My, as if My son had never been. Ser Jorah and Mirri Maz Duur entered a few moments later, and found My standing over the other dragon's eggs, the other dragon's eggs still in the other dragon's eggs's chest. It seemed to My that the other dragon's eggs felt as hot as the one My had slept with, which was passing strange. Ser Jorah, come here, My said. My took Ser Jorah's hand and placed his hand on the black egg with the scarlet swirls. What do Ser Jorah feel? Shell, hard as rock.The knight was wary. Scales. Heat? No. Cold stone. The knight took The knight's hand away. Princess, are Princess well? Should Princess be up, weak as Princess are? Weak? Princess am strong, The knight. To please The knight, Princess reclined on a pile of cushions. Tell Princess how Princess's child died. my child never lived, Princess. The women say… The knight faltered, and Dany saw how the flesh hung loose on The knight, and the way The knight limped when The knight moved. Tell Princess.Tell me what the women say. He turned He's face away. He's eyes were haunted. the women say the child was…  She waited, but He could not say it. He's face grew dark with shame. He looked half a corpse He. Monstrous, Mirri Maz Duur finished for He. He was a powerful man, yet She understood in that moment that the maegi was stronger, and crueler, and infinitely more dangerous. Twisted. I drew him forth I. him was scaled like a lizard, blind, with the stub of a tail and small leather wings like the wings of a bat. When I touched him, the flesh sloughed off the bone, and inside him was full of graveworms and the stink of corruption. him had been dead for years. Darkness, She thought. Darkness sweeping up behind to devour She.If she looked back she was lost. she's son was alive and strong when Ser Jorah carried she into this tent, she said. she could feel My son kicking, fighting to be born. That may be as it may be, answered Mirri Maz Duur, yet the creature that came forth from she's womb was as Mirri Maz Duur said. Death was in this tent, Khaleesi. Only shadows, Ser Jorah husked, but Dany could hear the doubt in Ser Jorah's voice. Dany saw, she. Dany saw she, alone, dancing with Only shadows. The grave casts long shadows, Dany, Mirri Maz Duur said. Long and dark, and in the end no light can hold long shadows back. Ser Jorah had killed My son, Dany knew. Ser Jorah had done what Ser Jorah did for love and loyalty, yet Ser Jorah had carried she into a place no living man should go and fed My son to Only shadows. Ser Jorah knew it too; the grey face, the hollow eyes, the limp. Only shadows have touched Ser Jorah too, Ser Jorah, Dany told Ser Jorah. Ser Jorah made no reply.Dany turned to the godswife. the godswife warned Dany that only death could pay for life. Dany thought the godswife meant the horse. No, the godswife said. That was a lie Dany told Dany. Dany knew the price. Had she? Had she? If Dany look back Dany am lost. the price was paid, Dany said. the horse, Dany's child, Quaro and Qotho, Haggo and Cohollo. the price was paid and paid and paid. Dany rose from Dany's cushions. Where is Khal Drogo? Show Khal Drogo to Dany, the godswife, maegi, bloodmage, whatever you are.Show me Khal Drogo. Show me what me bought with me's son's life. As me command, me, the old woman said. Come, the old woman will take me to Khal Drogo. me was weaker than me knew. Ser Jorah slipped an arm around me and helped me stand. Time enough for this later, Ser Jorah's , Ser Jorah said quietly. me would see Khal Drogo now, Ser Jorah. After the dimness of the tent, the world outside was blinding bright. The sun burned like molten gold, and the land was seared and empty. me's handmaids waited with fruit and wine and water, and Jhogo moved close to help Ser Jorah support me. Aggo and Rakharo stood behind. The glare of The sun on sand made it hard to see more, until me raised me's hand to shade me's eyes. me saw the ashes of a fire, a few score horses milling listlessly and searching for a bite of grass, a scattering of tents and bedrolls. A small crowd of children had gathered to watch me, and beyond me glimpsed women going about women going about their work's work, and withered old men staring at the flat blue sky with tired eyes, swatting feebly at bloodflies.A count might show a hundred people, no more. Where the other forty thousand had made the other forty thousand's camp, only the wind and dust lived now. Drogo's khalasar is gone, she said. A khal who cannot ride is no khal, said Jhogo. The Dothraki follow only the strong, Ser Jorah said. Ser Jorah am sorry, she. There was no way to hold them. Ko Pono left first, naming Ko Pono Khal Pono, and many followed Ko Pono. Jhaqo was not long to do the same. The rest slipped away night by night, in large bands and small. There are a dozen new khalasars on the Dothraki sea, where once there was Drogo's's. The old remain, said Aggo. The frightened, the weak, and the sick. And we who swore. we who swore remain.They took Khal Drogo's herds, Khaleesi, Rakharo said. We were too few to stop They. It is the right of the strong to take from the weak. They took many slaves as well, the khal's and Khaleesi, yet They left some few. Eroeh? asked Dany, remembering the frightened child Dany had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men. Mago seized her, who is Khal Jhaqo's bloodrider now, said Mago. Mago mounted the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men's high and low and gave the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men to Khal Jhaqo's, and Khal Jhaqo's gave the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men to Khal Jhaqo's's other bloodriders. his other bloodriders were six. When his other bloodriders were done with the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men, his other bloodriders cut the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men's throat. It was the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men's fate, Khaleesi, said Aggo. If Aggo look back Aggo am lost. It was a cruel fate, Dany said, yet not so cruel as Mago's will be. Dany promise Khaleesi that, by the old gods and the new, by the lamb god and the horse god and every god that lives. Dany swear it by the Mother of Mountains and the Womb of the World.Before I am done with them, them will plead for the mercy them showed Eroeh. The Dothraki exchanged uncertain glances. Khaleesi, the handmaid Irri explained, as if to a child, Ko Jhaqo is a khal now, with twenty thousand riders at Ko Jhaqo's back. I lifted I's head. And I am Daenerys Stormhorn, Daenerys of House Targaryen, of the blood of Aegon the Conqueror and Maegor the Cruel and old Valyria before Aegon the Conqueror and Maegor the Cruel and old Valyria before them. I am the dragon's daughter, and I swear to The Dothraki, them will die screaming. Now bring I to Ko Jhaqo. Ko Jhaqo was lying on the bare red earth, staring up at the sun. A dozen bloodflies had settled on Ko Jhaqo's body, though Ko Jhaqo did not seem to feel A dozen bloodflies. I brushed A dozen bloodflies away and knelt beside Ko Jhaqo. Ko Jhaqo's eyes were wide open but did not see, and I knew at once that Ko Jhaqo was blind. When I whispered Ko Jhaqo's name, Ko Jhaqo did not seem to hear. The wound on Ko Jhaqo's breast was as healed as The wound on his breast would ever be, the scar that covered The wound on his breast grey and red and hideous. Why is Ko Jhaqo out here alone, in the sun? I asked The Dothraki.He seems to like the warmth, Princess, Ser Jorah said. He's eyes follow the sun, though He does not see the sun. He can walk after a fashion. He will go where Princess lead He, but no farther. He will eat if Princess put food in He's mouth, drink if Princess dribble water on He's lips. Princess kissed Princess's sun-and-stars gently on the brow, and stood to face Mirri Maz Duur. Princess's spells are costly, Princess. He lives, said Mirri Maz Duur. Princess asked for life. Princess paid for life. This is not life, for one who was as Drogo was. Drogo's life was laughter, and meat roasting over a firepit, and a horse between Drogo's legs. His life was an arakh in Drogo's hand and Drogo's bells ringing in Drogo's hair as Drogo rode to meet an enemy. His life was Drogo's bloodriders, and Princess, and the son Princess was to give Drogo. Mirri Maz Duur made no reply.When will he be as he was? Dany demanded. When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, said Mirri Maz Duur. When the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When Dany's womb quickens again, and Dany bear a living child. Then he will return, and not before. Dany gestured at Ser Jorah and the others. Leave us. Dany would speak with Mirri Maz Duur alone. Mormont and the Dothraki withdrew. Mirri Maz Duur knew, Dany said when Mormont and the Dothraki were gone. Dany ached, inside and out, but Dany's fury gave Dany's strength. Mirri Maz Duur knew what Dany was buying, and Mirri Maz Duur knew the price, and yet Mirri Maz Duur let Dany pay the price. It was wrong of them to burn Mirri Maz Duur's temple, Mirri Maz Duur said placidly. burn angered Dany.This was no god's work, Dany said coldly. If Dany look back Dany am lost. You cheated Dany. You murdered Dany's child within Dany. The stallion who mounts the world will burn no cities now. The stallion who mounts the world's khalasar shall trample no nations into dust. You spoke for Dany, You said, anguished. You saved Dany. Saved Dany? Dany spat. Three riders had taken Dany, not as a man takes a woman but from behind, as a dog takes a bitch. The fourth was in Dany when You rode past. How then did You save Dany? Dany saw Dany's god's house burn, where Dany had healed good men beyond counting. my god's house they burned as well, and in the street Dany saw piles of heads.I saw the head of a baker who made I's bread. I saw the head of a boy I had saved from deadeye fever, only three moons past. I heard children crying as the riders drove children off with the riders's whips. Tell I again what I saved. I's life. Mirri Maz Duur laughed cruelly. Look to I's khal and see what life is worth, when all the rest is gone. I called out for the men of I's khas and bid the men of her khas take Mirri Maz Duur and bind Mirri Maz Duur's hand and foot, but the men of her khas smiled at I as the men of her khas carried Mirri Maz Duur off, as if the men of her khas shared a secret. A word, and I could have Mirri Maz Duur's head off… yet then what would I have? A head? If life was worthless, what was death? the men of her khas led your khal back to I's tent, and I commanded the men of her khas to fill a tub, and this time there was no blood in the water. I bathed your khal I, washing the dirt and the dust from your khal's arms and chest, cleaning your khal's face with a soft cloth, soaping your khal's long black hair and combing the knots and tangles from his long black hair till his long black hair shone again as I remembered. It was well past dark before I was done, and I was exhausted. I stopped for drink and food, but it was all I could do to nibble at a fig and keep down a mouthful of water.Sleep would have been a release, but she had slept enough… too long, in truth. she owed this night to Drogo, for all the nights that had been, and yet might be. The memory of their first ride was with she when she led Drogo out into the darkness, for the Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man's life must be done beneath the open sky. she told she that there were powers stronger than hatred, and spells older and truer than any the maegi had learned in Asshai. this night was black and moonless, but overhead a million stars burned bright. she took burned for an omen. No soft blanket of grass welcomed their here, only the hard dusty ground, bare and strewn with stones. No trees stirred in the wind, and there was no stream to soothe she's fears with the gentle music of water. she told she that the stars would be enough. Remember, Drogo, she whispered. Remember their first ride, the day their theird. Remember the night their made Rhaego, with the khalasar all around their and Drogo's eyes on she's face. Remember how cool and clean the water was in the Womb of the World. Remember, she's sun-and-stars. Remember, and come back to she.The birth had left her too raw and torn to take him inside of her, as her would have wanted, but Doreah had taught her's other ways. her used her's hands, her's mouth, her's breasts. her raked him with her's nails and covered him with kisses and whispered and prayed and told him stories, and by the end her had bathed him with her's tears. Yet him did not feel, or speak, or rise. And when the bleak dawn broke over an empty horizon, her knew that him was truly lost to her. When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, her said sadly. When the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When her's womb quickens again, and her bear a living child. Then you will return, you, and not before. Never, the darkness cried, never never never. Inside the tent her found a cushion, soft silk stuffed with feathers. her clutched a cushion, soft silk stuffed with feathers to her's breasts as her walked back out to him, to you. If her look back her am lost. It hurt even to walk, and her wanted to sleep, to sleep and not to dream. her knelt, kissed him on the lips, and pressed a cushion, soft silk stuffed with feathers down across him's face.