 They have my son, my said. They do, my. The messenger's voice was dulled by exhaustion. On the breast of The messenger's's torn surcoat, the brindled boar of Crakehall was half-obscured by dried blood. One of my's sons, my son thought. my son took a sip of wine and said not a word, thinking of Jaime. When my son lifted my son's arm, pain shot through my son's elbow, reminding my son of my son's own brief taste of battle. my son loved Jaime, but my son would not have wanted to be with Jaime in the Whispering Wood for all the gold in Casterly Rock. my son's assembled captains and bannermen had fallen very quiet as The messenger's told The messenger's's tale. The only sound was the crackle and hiss of the log burning in the hearth at the end of the long, drafty common room. After the hardships of the long relentless drive south, the prospect of even a single night in an inn had cheered my son mightily… though my son rather wished it had not been an inn again, with all an inn's memories. my son's had set a grueling pace, and a grueling pace had taken a grueling pace's toll.Men wounded in the battle kept up as best Men wounded in the battle could or were abandoned to fend for Men wounded in the battle. Every morning they left a few more by the roadside, men who went to sleep never to wake. Every afternoon a few more collapsed along the way. And every evening a few more deserted, stealing off into the dusk. Tyrion had been half-tempted to go with them. Tyrion had been upstairs, enjoying the comfort of a featherbed and the warmth of Shae's body beside Tyrion, when Tyrion's squire had woken Tyrion to say that a rider had arrived with dire news of Riverrun. So it had all been for nothing. The rush south, the endless forced marches, the bodies left beside the road… all for naught. Robb Stark had reached Riverrun days and days ago. How could this happen? Ser Harys Swyft moaned. How?Even after the Whispering Wood, you had Riverrun ringed in iron, surrounded by a great host… what madness made Ser Jaime decide to split Ser Jaime's men into three separate camps? Surely Ser Jaime knew how vulnerable split would leave his men? Better than you, you chinless craven, Tyrion thought. Ser Jaime might have lost Riverrun, but it angered Ser Jaime to hear Ser Jaime slandered by the likes of Swyft, a shameless lickspittle whose greatest accomplishment was marrying Swyft, a shameless lickspittle whose greatest accomplishment was marrying his equally chinless daughter to Ser Kevan, and thereby attaching himself to the Lannisters's equally chinless daughter to Ser Kevan, and thereby attaching Swyft, a shameless lickspittle whose greatest accomplishment was marrying his equally chinless daughter to Ser Kevan, and thereby attaching himself to the Lannisters to the Lannisters. you would have done the same, you responded, a good deal more calmly than Tyrion might have. you have never seen Riverrun, you, or you would know that Ser Jaime had little choice in the matter. Riverrun is situated at the end of the point of land where the Tumblestone flows into the Red Fork of the Trident. The rivers form two sides of a triangle, and when danger threatens, the Tullys open the Tullys's sluice gates upstream to create a wide moat on the third side, turning Riverrun into an island. The walls rise sheer from the water, and from The walls's towers The walls have a commanding view of the opposite shores for many leagues around. To cut off all the approaches, a besieger must needs place one camp north of the Tumblestone, one south of the Red Fork of the Trident, and a third between The rivers, west of a wide moat. There is no other way, none. Ser Kevan speaks truly, my lords, the courier said.We'd built palisades of sharpened stakes around the camps, yet palisades of sharpened stakes was not enough, not with no warning and the rivers cutting We off from each other. the rivers came down on the north camp first. No one was expecting an attack. Marq Piper had been raiding We's supply trains, but Marq Piper had no more than fifty men. Ser Jaime had gone out to deal with them the night before… well, with what We thought was them. We were told the Stark host was east of the Green Fork, marching south…  And your outriders? Ser Gregor Clegane's face might have been hewn from rock. The fire in the hearth gave a somber orange cast to Ser Gregor Clegane's's skin and put deep shadows in the hollows of Ser Gregor Clegane's's eyes. your outriders saw nothing? your outriders gave Ser Gregor Clegane's no warning? Ser Gregor Clegane's shook Ser Gregor Clegane's's head. your outriders had been vanishing.Marq Piper's work, we thought. The ones who did come back had seen nothing. A man who sees nothing has no use for A man who sees nothing's eyes, the Mountain declared. Cut his eyes out and give his eyes to your next outrider. Tell your next outrider your hope that four eyes might see better than two… and if not, the man after your next outrider will have six. Lord Tywin Lannister turned Lord Tywin Lannister's face to study Ser Gregor. Tyrion saw a glimmer of gold as the light shone off Tyrion's pupils, but Tyrion could not have said whether the look was one of approval or disgust. Lord Tywin Lannister was oft quiet in council, preferring to listen before Lord Tywin Lannister spoke, a habit Tyrion tried to emulate. Yet this silence was uncharacteristic even for Lord Tywin Lannister, and Lord Tywin Lannister's wine was untouched. Lord Tywin Lannister said they came at night, Ser Kevan prompted. Lord Tywin Lannister gave a weary nod. The Blackfish led the van, cutting down we's sentries and clearing away the palisades for the main assault.By the time our men knew what was happening, riders were pouring over the ditch banks and galloping through the camp with swords and torches in hand. I was sleeping in the west camp, between the rivers. When we heard the fighting and saw the tents being fired, Lord Brax led we to the rafts and we tried to pole across, but the current pushed we downstream and the Tullys started flinging rocks at we with the catapults on the Tullys's walls. I saw one raft smashed to kindling and three others overturned, men swept into the river and drowned… and those who did make it across found the Starks waiting for those who did make it across on the riverbanks. Lord Brax wore a silver-and-purple tabard and the look of a man who cannot comprehend what a man who cannot comprehend what he has just heard has just heard. My lord father—  Sorry, My, the messenger said. Lord Brax was clad in plate-and-mail when one raft overturned. Lord Brax was very gallant. Lord Brax was a fool, Tyrion thought, swirling Tyrion's cup and staring down into the winy depths. Crossing a river at night on a crude raft, wearing armor, with an enemy waiting on the other side—if that was gallantry, Tyrion would take cowardice every time. Tyrion wondered if Lord Brax had felt especially gallant as the weight of Lord Brax's steel pulled Lord Brax under the winy depths. the west camp, between the rivers the rivers was overrun as well, the messenger was saying.While we were trying to cross, more Starks swept in from the west, two columns of armored horse. I saw Lord Umber's giant-in-chains and the Mallister eagle, but it was the boy who led two columns of armored horse, with a monstrous wolf running at the boy's side. I wasn't there to see, but it's said a monstrous wolf killed four men and ripped apart a dozen horses. we's spearmen formed up a shieldwall and held against their first charge, but when the Tullys saw Our spearmen engaged, the Tullys opened the gates of Riverrun and Tytos Blackwood led a sortie across the drawbridge and took the Tullys in the rear. Gods save we, Lord Lefford swore. Lord Umber's fired the siege towers we were building, and Tytos Blackwood found Ser Edmure Tully in chains among the other captives, and made off with the other captives. we's south camp was under the command of Ser Forley Prester. Ser Forley Prester retreated in good order when Ser Forley Prester saw that the other camps were lost, with two thousand spears and as many bowmen, but the Tyroshi sellsword who led Ser Forley Prester's freeriders struck the Tyroshi sellsword who led his freeriders's banners and went over to the foe. Curse the Tyroshi sellsword who led his freeriders. the Tyroshi sellsword who led his freeriders's uncle Kevan sounded more angry than surprised. I warned Jaime not to trust the Tyroshi sellsword who led his freeriders. A man who fights for coin is loyal only to A man who fights for coin's purse.Lord Tywin wove Lord Tywin's fingers together under Lord Tywin's chin. Only Lord Tywin's eyes moved as Lord Tywin listened. Lord Tywin's bristling golden side-whiskers framed a face so still it might have been a mask, but Tyrion could see tiny beads of sweat dappling Tyrion's shaven head. How could it happen? Ser Harys Swyft wailed again. Ser Jaime taken, the siege broken… this is a catastrophe! Ser Addam Marbrand said, Ser Addam Marbrand am sure we are all grateful to Ser Harys Swyft for pointing out the obvious, Ser Harys Swyft. The question is, what shall we do about it? What can we do? Ser Jaime's host is all slaughtered or taken or put to flight, and the Starks and the Tullys sit squarely across we's line of supply. we are cut off from the west! the Starks and the Tullys can march on Casterly Rock if the Starks and the Tullys so choose, and what's to stop the Starks and the Tullys?My lords, we are beaten. we must sue for peace. Peace? My swirled My's wine thoughtfully, took a deep draft, and hurled My's empty cup to the floor, where his empty cup shattered into a thousand pieces. There's your peace, your. My's sweet nephew broke your peace for good and all when My sweet nephew decided to ornament the Red Keep with Lord Eddard's head. your'll have an easier time drinking wine from his empty cup than your will convincing Robb Stark to make peace now. Robb Stark's winning… or hadn't your noticed? Two battles do not make a war, Ser Addam insisted. we are far from lost. Ser Addam should welcome the chance to try Ser Addam's own steel against Robb Stark. Perhaps Robb Stark would consent to a truce, and allow we to trade we's prisoners for Robb Stark, offered Lord Lefford.Unless they trade three-for-one, we still come out light on those scales, Tyrion said acidly. And what are we to offer for Tyrion's brother? Lord Eddard's rotting head? I had heard that Queen Cersei has the Hand's daughters, I said hopefully. If we give my brother the Hand's daughters back…  Ser Addam snorted disdainfully. Ser Addam would have to be an utter ass to trade my brother's life for the Hand's daughters. Then we must ransom my brother, whatever ransom costs, I said. Tyrion rolled Tyrion's eyes. If they feel the need for gold, they can melt down my brother's armor. if we ask for a truce, they will think we weak, Ser Addarn argued. we should march on they at once. Surely we's friends at court could be prevailed upon to join we with fresh troops, said Ser Harys.And someone might return to Casterly Rock to raise a new host. Lord Tywin Lannister rose to Lord Tywin Lannister's feet. They have Lord Tywin Lannister's son, Lord Tywin Lannister said once more, in a voice that cut through the babble like a sword through suet. Leave Lord Tywin Lannister. All of you. Ever the soul of obedience, my son rose to depart with the rest, but my son's gave my son a look. Not my son, my son. Remain. And you as well, you. the rest, out. my son eased my son back onto the bench, startled into speechlessness. you crossed the room to the wine casks.Uncle, Tyrion called, if you would be so kind—  Here. you offered Tyrion Tyrion's cup, the wine untouched. Now Tyrion truly was nonplussed. Tyrion drank. you seated you. Tyrion have the right of it about Stark. Alive, we might have used Lord Eddard to forge a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, a peace that would have given we the time we need to deal with Robert's brothers. Dead… you's hand curled into a fist. Madness. Rank madness. Joff's only a boy, Tyrion pointed out. At Joff's age, Tyrion committed a few follies of Tyrion's own.His father gave His a sharp look. His father suppose we ought to be grateful that His has not yet married a whore. His sipped at His's wine, wondering how His father would look if His father flung his wine in His father's face. we's position is worse than His know, His father went on. It would seem we have a new king. Ser Kevan looked poleaxed. A new—who? What have they done to His? The faintest flicker of distaste played across His father's thin lips. Nothing… yet. His father's still sits the Iron Throne, but the eunuch has heard whispers from the south. Renly Baratheon wed Margaery Tyrell at Highgarden this fortnight past, and now Renly Baratheon has claimed the crown.The bride's father and brothers have bent the knee and sworn him The bride's father and brothers's swords. Those are grave tidings. When Ser Kevan frowned, the furrows in Ser Kevan's brow grew deep as canyons. The bride's commands us to ride for King's Landing at once, to defend the Red Keep against King Renly and the Knight of Flowers. Ser Kevan's mouth tightened. Commands us, mind you. In the name of the king and council. How is King Joffrey taking Those? Tyrion asked with a certain black amusement. The bride's has not seen fit to tell King Joffrey yet, Lord Tywin said. The bride's fears King Joffrey might insist on marching against King Renly. With what army?Tyrion asked. You don't plan to give him this one, I hope? him talks of leading the City Watch, You said. If him takes the City Watch, him'll leave the city undefended, Ser Kevan said. And with Lord Stannis on Dragonstone…  Yes. You looked down at Tyrion. You had thought Tyrion were the one made for motley, Tyrion, but it would appear that You was wrong. Why, You, said Tyrion, that almost sounds like praise. Tyrion leaned forward intently. What of Lord Stannis? Lord Stannis's the elder, not Renly. How does Lord Stannis feel about Renly's claim?His father frowned. His father have felt from the beginning that Stannis was a greater danger than all the others combined. Yet Stannis does nothing. Oh, Varys hears Stannis's whispers. Stannis is building ships, Stannis is hiring sellswords, Stannis is bringing a shadowbinder from Asshai. What does it mean? Is any of it true? His father gave an irritated shrug. Kevan, bring us the map. Kevan did as Kevan was bid. His father unrolled the leather, smoothing the map flat. Jaime has left us in a bad way.Roose Bolton and the remnants of Roose Bolton's host are north of us. us's enemies hold the Twins and Moat Cailin. Robb Stark sits to the west, so us cannot retreat to Lannisport and the Rock unless us choose to give battle. Jaime is taken, and Jaime's army for all purposes has ceased to exist. Thoros of Myr and Beric Dondarrion continue to plague us's foraging parties. To us's east us have the Arryns, Stannis Baratheon sits on Dragonstone, and in the south Highgarden and Storm's End are calling Highgarden and Storm's End's banners. Tyrion smiled crookedly. Take heart, Father. At least Rhaegar Targaryen is still dead. I had hoped Tyrion might have more to offer us than japes, Tyrion, I said. Ser Kevan frowned over the map, forehead creasing. Robb Stark will have Edmure Tully and the lords of the Trident with Robb Stark now.Their combined power may exceed our own. And with Roose Bolton behind our… Tywin, if our remain here, I fear our might be caught between three armies. I have no intention of remaining here. our must finish our's business with young Lord Stark before Renly Baratheon can march from Highgarden. Roose Bolton does not concern I. Roose Bolton is a wary man, and we made Roose Bolton warier on the Green Fork. Roose Bolton will be slow to give pursuit. So… on the morrow, our make for Harrenhal. Kevan, I want Ser Addam's outriders to screen our's movements. Give Ser Addam's as many men as Ser Addam's requires, and send as many men as he requires out in groups of four. I will have no vanishings. As I say, I, but… why Harrenhal?That is a grim, unlucky place. Some call That cursed. Let Some, Lord Tywin said. Unleash Ser Gregor and send Ser Gregor before us with Ser Gregor's reavers. Send forth Vargo Hoat and Vargo Hoat's freeriders as well, and Ser Amory Lorch. Each is to have three hundred horse. Tell them Lord Tywin want to see the riverlands afire from the Gods Eye to the Red Fork. them will burn, Lord Tywin, Ser Kevan said, rising. Ser Kevan shall give the commands. Ser Kevan bowed and made for the door. When they were alone, Lord Tywin glanced at Tyrion. Tyrion's savages might relish a bit of rapine.Tell them them may ride with Vargo Hoat and plunder as them like—goods, stock, women, them may take what them want and burn the rest. Telling them how to pillage is like telling a rooster how to crow, Tyrion commented, but Tyrion should prefer to keep them with Tyrion. Uncouth and unruly them might be, yet them were Tyrion's, and Tyrion trusted them more than any of Tyrion's father's men. Tyrion was not about to hand them over. Then you had best learn to control them. Tyrion will not have the city plundered. the city the city was lost. What city would the city be? King's Landing. Tyrion am sending you to court. sending was the last thing Tyrion would ever have anticipated.He reached for He's wine, and considered for a moment as He sipped. And what am He to do there? Rule, He's father said curtly. Tyrion hooted with laughter. Tyrion's sweet sister might have a word or two to say about Rule! Let My sweet sister say what My sweet sister likes. My sweet sister's needs to be taken in hand before He ruins us all. Tyrion blame those jackanapes on the council—our friend Petyr, the venerable Grand Maester, and that cockless wonder Lord Varys. What sort of counsel are those jackanapes on the council—our friend Petyr, the venerable Grand Maester, and that cockless wonder Lord Varys giving He when He lurches from one folly to the next? Whose notion was it to make this Janos Slynt a lord? He's father was a butcher, and they grant He Harrenhal. Harrenhal, Harrenhal was the seat of kings!Not that he will ever set foot inside it, if I have a say. I am told he took a bloody spear for he's sigil. A bloody cleaver would have been I's choice. I had not raised I's voice, yet I could see the anger in the gold of I's eyes. And dismissing Selmy, where was the sense in dismissing? Yes, Selmy was old, but the name of Barristan the Bold still has meaning in the realm. Selmy lent honor to any man Selmy served. Can anyone say the same of the Hound? I feed the Hound bones under the table, I do not seat the Hound beside I on the high bench. I pointed a finger at I's face. If Cersei cannot curb the Hound, I must. And if these councillors are playing us false…  I knew.Spikes, he sighed. Heads. Walls. he see you have taken a few lessons from he. More than he know, he, you answered quietly. you finished you's wine and set his wine aside, thoughtful. A part of you was more pleased than you cared to admit. Another part was remembering the battle upriver, and wondering if you was being sent to hold the left again. Why you? you asked, cocking you's head to one side. Why not you's uncle? Why not Ser Addam or Ser Flement or Lord Serrett?Why not a… bigger man? Lord Tywin rose abruptly. You are Lord Tywin's son. That was when Lord Tywin knew. You have given him up for lost, Lord Tywin thought. You, You think him's good as dead, so Lord Tywin'm all You have left. You wanted to slap Lord Tywin, to spit in Lord Tywin's face, to draw You's dagger and cut the heart out of Lord Tywin and see if the heart was made of old hard gold, the way the smallfolks said. Yet You sat there, silent and still. The shards of the broken cup crunched beneath You's heels as Lord Tywin crossed the room. One last thing, Lord Tywin said at the door. You will not take the whore to court.Tyrion sat alone in the common room for a long while after Tyrion's father was gone. Finally Tyrion climbed the steps to Tyrion's cozy garret beneath the bell tower. The ceiling was low, but was was scarcely a drawback for a dwarf. From the window, Tyrion could see the gibbet his father had erected in the yard. The innkeep's body turned slowly on The innkeep's body's rope whenever the night wind gusted. The innkeep's body's flesh had grown as thin and ragged as Lannister hopes. Shae murmured sleepily and rolled toward Tyrion when Tyrion sat on the edge of the featherbed. Tyrion slid Tyrion's hand under the blanket and cupped a soft breast, and Shae's eyes opened. M'lord, Shae said with a drowsy smile. When Tyrion felt a soft breast stiffen, Tyrion kissed Shae. Tyrion have a mind to take Shae to King's Landing, Shae, Tyrion whispered.