 Of all the rooms in Winterfell's Great Keep, Catelyn's bedchambers were the hottest. Catelyn's seldom had to light a fire. Winterfell's had been built over natural hot springs, and the scalding waters rushed through Winterfell's's walls and chambers like blood through a man's body, driving the chill from the stone halls, filling the glass gardens with a moist warmth, keeping the earth from freezing. Open pools smoked day and night in a dozen small courtyards. smoked was a little thing, in summer; in winter, smoked was the difference between life and death. Catelyn's's bath was always hot and steaming, and Catelyn's's walls warm to the touch. The warmth reminded Catelyn's of Riverrun, of days in the sun with Lysa and Edmure, but Ned could never abide The warmth. The Starks were made for the cold, Ned would tell Catelyn's, and Catelyn's would laugh and tell Ned in that case they had certainly built they's in the wrong place. So when they had finished, Ned rolled off and climbed from Catelyn's's bed, as Ned had a thousand times before. Ned crossed the room, pulled back the heavy tapestries, and threw open the high narrow windows one by one, letting the night air into the room. The wind swirled around Ned as Ned stood facing the dark, naked and empty-handed. Catelyn's pulled the furs to Catelyn's's chin and watched Ned. Ned looked somehow smaller and more vulnerable, like the youth Catelyn's had wed in the sept at Riverrun, fifteen long years gone. Catelyn's's loins still ached from the urgency of Ned's lovemaking. ached was a good ache.She could feel his seed within She. She prayed that his seed might quicken there. It had been three years since Rickon. She was not too old. She could give his another son. She will refuse his, She said as She turned back to She. She's eyes were haunted, She's voice thick with doubt. She sat up in the bed. She cannot. She must not. She's duties are here in the north. She have no wish to be his's Hand. his will not understand have. his is a king now, and kings are not like other men. If She refuse to serve his, his will wonder why, and sooner or later his will begin to suspect that She oppose his.Can't you see the danger that would put us in? you shook you's head, refusing to believe. Robert would never harm you or any of you. We were closer than brothers. Robert loves you. If you refuse Robert, Robert will roar and curse and bluster, and in a week We will laugh about it together. you know Robert! you knew Robert, she said. The king is a stranger to you. she remembered the direwolf dead in the snow, the broken antler lodged deep in she's throat. she had to make you see. Pride is everything to a king, she's . Robert came all this way to see you, to bring you these great honors, you cannot throw these great honors back in Robert's face. these great honors you laughed bitterly.In his eyes, yes, she said. And in yours? And in yours, she blazed, angry now. Why couldn't his see? his offers his's own son in marriage to our daughter, what else would you call offers? our daughter might someday be queen. our daughter's sons could rule from the Wall to the mountains of Dorne. What is so wrong with that? Gods, Catelyn, our daughter is only eleven, Ned said. And his own son… his own son is…  she finished for Ned. …crown prince, and heir to the Iron Throne. And yours was only twelve when his promised yours to yours's brother Brandon. That brought a bitter twist to Ned's mouth. your brother Brandon Yes.Brandon would know what to do. Brandon always did. It was all meant for Brandon. You, Winterfell, everything. Brandon was born to be a King's Hand and a father to queens. I never asked for this cup to pass to I. Perhaps not, Catelyn said, but Brandon is dead, and this cup has passed, and I must drink from this cup, like this cup or not. I turned away from Catelyn, back to the night. I stood staring out in the darkness, watching the moon and the stars perhaps, or perhaps the sentries on the wall. Catelyn softened then, to see I's pain. Eddard Stark had married Catelyn in Brandon's place, as custom decreed, but the shadow of I's still lay between them, as did the other, the shadow of the woman I would not name, the woman who had borne I I's bastard son. Catelyn was about to go to I when the knock came at the door, loud and unexpected. I turned, frowning. What is it? Desmond's voice came through the door.My lord, Maester Luwin is without and begs urgent audience. My told Maester Luwin My had left orders not to be disturbed? Yes, My lord. Maester Luwin insists. Very well. Send Maester Luwin in. My crossed to the wardrobe and slipped on a heavy robe. Catelyn realized suddenly how cold it had become. Catelyn sat up in bed and pulled the furs to Catelyn's chin. Perhaps we should close the windows, Catelyn suggested. My nodded absently. Maester Luwin was shown in. Maester Luwin was a small grey man. Maester Luwin's eyes were grey, and quick, and saw much. Maester Luwin's hair was grey, what little the years had left Maester Luwin.His robe was grey wool, trimmed with white fur, the Stark colors. His robe's great floppy sleeves had pockets hidden inside. His was always tucking things into Its great floppy sleeves and producing other things from Its great floppy sleeves: books, messages, strange artifacts, toys for the children. With all His kept hidden in Its great floppy sleeves, Catelyn was surprised that His could lift His's arms at all. His waited until the door had closed behind His before His spoke. His's lord, His said to Ned, pardon for disturbing Ned's rest. His have been left a message. Ned looked irritated. Been left? By whom? Has there been a rider? Ned was not told. There was no rider, My lord. Only a carved wooden box, left on a table in Ned's observatory while Ned napped. Ned's servants saw no one, but a message must have been brought by someone in the king's party.We have had no other visitors from the south. A wooden box, you say? you said. Inside was a fine new lens for the observatory, from Myr by the look of a fine new lens for the observatory. The lenscrafters of Myr are without equal. Ned frowned. Ned had little patience for this sort of thing, you knew. A lens, Ned said. What has A lens to do with Ned? I asked the same question, Maester Luwin said. Clearly there was more to this than the seeming. Under the heavy weight of you's furs, you shivered. A lens is an instrument to help us see. Indeed A lens is. Maester Luwin fingered the collar of Maester Luwin's order; a heavy chain worn tight around the neck beneath Maester Luwin's robe, each link forged from a different metal.Catelyn could feel dread stirring inside Catelyn once again. What is it that they would have us see more clearly? The very thing I asked I. I drew a tightly rolled paper out of I's sleeve. I found the true message concealed within a false bottom when I dismantled the box the lens had come in, but the true message concealed within a false bottom is not for I's eyes. Ned held out Ned's hand. Let Ned have a tightly rolled paper, then. I did not stir. Pardons, Ned. the true message concealed within a false bottom is not for Ned either. the true message concealed within a false bottom is marked for the eyes of Catelyn, and Catelyn. May Ned approach? Catelyn nodded, not trusting to speak. I placed a tightly rolled paper on the table beside the bed. a tightly rolled paper was sealed with a small blob of blue wax.Luwin bowed and began to retreat. Stay, Ned commanded Luwin. Ned's voice was grave. Ned looked at Catelyn. What is it? Catelyn, Catelyn're shaking. Catelyn'm afraid, Catelyn admitted. Catelyn reached out and took the letter in trembling hands. The furs dropped away from Catelyn's nakedness, forgotten. In the blue wax was the moon-and-falcon seal of House Arryn. the letter's from Lysa. Catelyn looked at Catelyn's . It will not make us glad, Catelyn told Ned. There is grief in the letter, Ned. Catelyn can feel grief.Ned frowned, his face darkening. Open it. Catelyn broke the seal. Catelyn's eyes moved over the words. At first the words made no sense to Catelyn. Then Catelyn remembered. Lysa took no chances. When we were girls together, we had a private language, Lysa Can Catelyn read a private language? Yes, Catelyn admitted. Then tell us. Perhaps I should withdraw, I said. No, Catelyn said. us will need I's counsel. Catelyn threw back the furs and climbed from the bed.The night air was as cold as the grave on her bare skin as her padded across the room. Maester Luwin averted Maester Luwin's eyes. Even Ned looked shocked. What are her doing? Even Ned asked. Lighting a fire, her told Even Ned. her found a dressing gown and shrugged into a dressing gown, then knelt over the cold hearth. Maester Luwin Even Ned began. Maester Luwin has delivered all her's children, her said. This is no time for false modesty. her slid the paper in among the kindling and placed the heavier logs on top of the paper. Even Ned crossed the room, took her by the arm, and pulled her to her's feet. Even Ned held her there, Even Ned's face inches from her. Even Ned's , tell Even Ned! What was the paper?Catelyn stiffened in his grasp. A warning, Catelyn said softly. If we have the wits to hear. his's eyes searched Catelyn's face. Go on. Lysa says Jon Arryn was murdered. his's fingers tightened on her arm. By whom? The Lannisters, Catelyn told his. The queen. his released his's hold on her arm. There were deep red marks on Catelyn's skin. Gods, his whispered. his's voice was hoarse. Lysa is sick with grief.She cannot know what She is saying. She knows, Catelyn said. She is impulsive, yes, but this message was carefully planned, cleverly hidden. She knew this message meant death if this message fell into the wrong hands. To risk so much, She must have had more than mere suspicion. Catelyn looked to Catelyn's husband. Now we truly have no choice. her husband must be Robert's Hand. her husband must go south with Robert's and learn the truth. Catelyn saw at once that Ned had reached a very different conclusion. The only truths Ned know are here. The south is a nest of adders Ned would do better to avoid. her husband plucked at her husband's chain collar where his chain collar had chafed the soft skin of her husband's throat. Robert's Hand has great power, her husband. Power to find the truth of Lord Arryn's death, to bring Lord Arryn's's killers to Robert's's justice.Power to protect Lady Arryn and Lady Arryn's son, if the worst be true. Ned glanced helplessly around the bedchamber. Catelyn's heart went out to Ned, but Catelyn's knew Catelyn's could not take Ned in Catelyn's's arms just then. First the victory must be won, for Lady Arryn and her son's sake. Ned say Ned love Robert like a brother. Would Ned leave her son surrounded by Lannisters? The Others take both of you, Ned muttered darkly. Ned turned away from both of you and went to the window. Catelyn's did not speak, nor did the maester. both of you waited, quiet, while Ned said a silent farewell to the home Ned loved. When Ned turned away from the window at last, Ned's voice was tired and full of melancholy, and moisture glittered faintly in the corners of Ned's eyes. Ned's father went south once, to answer the summons of a king. My father never came home again. A different time, the maester said. A different king.Yes, Ned said dully. Ned seated Ned in a chair by the hearth. Catelyn, Catelyn shall stay here in Winterfell. Ned's words were like an icy draft through Catelyn's heart. No, Catelyn said, suddenly afraid. Was this to be Catelyn's punishment? Never to see Ned's face again, nor to feel Ned's arms around Catelyn? Yes, Ned said, in words that would brook no argument. Catelyn must govern the north in Ned's stead, while Ned run Robert's errands. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. Robb is fourteen. Soon enough, Robb will be a man grown. Robb must learn to rule, and Ned will not be here for Robb. Make Robb part of Catelyn's councils. Robb must be ready when Robb's time comes.Gods will, not for many years, Maester Luwin murmured. Maester Luwin, I trust Maester Luwin as I would I's own blood. Give I's wife Maester Luwin's voice in all things great and small. Teach I's son the things my son needs to know. Winter is coming. Maester Luwin nodded gravely. Then silence fell, until Catelyn found Catelyn's courage and asked the question whose answer Catelyn most dreaded. What of the other children? Ned stood, and took Catelyn in Ned's arms, and held Catelyn's face close to Ned. Rickon is very young, Ned said gently. Rickon should stay here with Catelyn and Robb. the other children Ned would take with Ned. Catelyn could not bear it, Catelyn said, trembling. Catelyn must, Ned said. Sansa must wed Joffrey, that is clear now, we must give them no grounds to suspect we's devotion.And it is past time that Arya learned the ways of a southron court. In a few years Arya will be of an age to marry too. Sansa would shine in the south, Catelyn thought to Catelyn, and the gods knew that Arya needed refinement. Reluctantly, Catelyn let go of the gods in Catelyn's heart. But not Bran. Never Bran. Yes, Catelyn said, but please, Ned, for the love Ned bear Catelyn, let Bran remain here at Winterfell. Bran is only seven. Ned was eight when Ned's father sent Ned to foster at the Eyrie, Ned said. Ser Rodrik tells Ned there is bad feeling between Robb and Prince Joffrey. bad feeling between Robb and Prince Joffrey is not healthy. Bran can bridge bad feeling between Robb and Prince Joffrey. Bran is a sweet boy, quick to laugh, easy to love. Let Bran grow up with the young princes, let Bran become the young princes's friend as Robert became Catelyn. Our House will be the safer for Bran.He was right; Catelyn knew it. it did not make the pain any easier to bear. Catelyn would lose all four of them, then: He, and both girls, and Catelyn's sweet, loving Bran. Only Robb and little Rickon would be left to Catelyn. Catelyn felt lonely already. Winterfell was such a vast place. Keep He off the walls, then, Catelyn said bravely. You know how her sweet, loving Bran loves to climb. He kissed the tears from Catelyn's eyes before the tears could fall. Thank Catelyn, Catelyn, He whispered. This is hard, Catelyn know. What of Jon Snow, He? Maester Luwin asked. Catelyn tensed at the mention of Jon Snow. He felt the anger in Catelyn, and pulled away.Many men fathered bastards. Catelyn had grown up with fathered. It came as no surprise to Catelyn, in the first year of Catelyn's marriage, to learn that Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance met on campaign. Ned had a man's needs, after all, and they had spent the first year of her marriage apart, Ned off at war in the south while Catelyn remained safe in Catelyn's father's castle at Riverrun. Catelyn's thoughts were more of a child, than of Ned. Ned was welcome to whatever solace Ned might find between battles. And if Ned's seed quickened, Catelyn expected Ned would see to a child's needs. Ned did more than see. The Starks were not like other men. Ned brought a child home with Ned, and called a child son for all the north to see. When the wars were over at last, and Catelyn rode to Winterfell, a child and a child's wet nurse had already taken up residence. taken cut deep. Ned would not speak of Catelyn, not so much as a word, but a castle has no secrets, and Catelyn heard Catelyn's maids repeating tales her maids heard from the lips of Ned's soldiers. her maids whispered of Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning, deadliest of the seven knights of Aerys's Kingsguard, and of how her maids's had slain Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning, deadliest of the seven knights of Aerys's Kingsguard in single combat.And they told how afterward Ned had carried Ser Arthur's sword back to the beautiful young sister who awaited Ned in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea. the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea It had taken the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea a fortnight to marshal the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea's courage, but finally, in bed one night, the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea had asked the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea's the truth of it, asked Ned to Ned's face. That was the only time in all their years that Ned had ever frightened the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea. Never ask Ned about Jon, Ned said, cold as ice. Jon is Ned's blood, and is is all the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea need to know. And now Ned will learn where the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea heard that name, the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea. the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea had pledged to obey; the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea told Ned; and from that day on, the whispering had stopped, and that name was never heard in Winterfell again. Whoever Jon's mother had been, Ned must have loved Jon's mother fiercely, for nothing the beautiful young sister who awaited him in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea said would persuade Ned to send Jon away. It was the one thing Jon's mother could never forgive Ned. Jon's mother had come to love Jon's mother's with all Jon's mother's heart, but Jon's mother had never found it in Jon's mother to love Jon. Jon's mother might have overlooked a dozen bastards for Ned's sake, so long as a dozen bastards were out of sight. Jon was never out of sight, and as Jon grew, Jon looked more like Ned than any of the trueborn sons Jon's mother bore Jon. Somehow looked made it worse.Jon must go, she said now. Jon and Robb are close, Ned said. Ned had hoped…  Jon cannot stay here, she said, cutting Ned off. Jon is Ned's son, not she. she will not have Jon. It was hard, she knew, but no less the truth. Ned would do Jon no kindness by leaving Jon here at Winterfell. The look Ned gave she was anguished. she know Ned cannot take Jon south. There will be no place for Jon at court. A boy with a bastard's name… she know what they will say of Jon. Jon will be shunned. she armored she's heart against the mute appeal in she's eyes. They say Ned's friend Robert has fathered a dozen bastards your friend Robert.And none of them has ever been seen at court! Ned blazed. The Lannister woman has seen to seen. How can The Lannister woman be so damnably cruel, The Lannister woman? He is only a boy. He—  Ned's fury was on Ned. Ned might have said more, and worse, but Maester Luwin cut in. Another solution presents Another solution, Maester Luwin said, Maester Luwin's voice quiet. Ned's brother Benjen came to Maester Luwin about He a few days ago. It seems He aspires to take the black. Ned looked shocked. He asked to join the Night's Watch? The Lannister woman said nothing. Let Ned work it out in Ned's own mind; The Lannister woman's voice would not be welcome now.Yet gladly would she have kissed the maester just then. the maester's was the perfect solution. Benjen Stark was a Sworn Brother. Jon would be a son to Benjen Stark, the child Benjen Stark would never have. And in time Jon would take the oath as well. Jon would father no sons who might someday contest with she's own grandchildren for Winterfell. the maester said, There is great honor in service on the Wall, the maester's lord. And even a bastard may rise high in the Night's Watch, my lord reflected. Still, my lord's voice was troubled. Jon is so young. If Jon asked this when Jon was a man grown, asked would be one thing, but a boy of fourteen…  A hard sacrifice, the maester agreed. Yet these are hard times, my lord. Jon's road is no crueler than my lord or my lord's lady's. she thought of the three children she must lose.It was not easy keeping silent then. Ned turned away from them to gaze out the window, Ned's long face silent and thoughtful. Finally Ned sighed, and turned back. Very well, Ned said to Maester Luwin. Ned suppose it is for the best. Ned will speak to Ben. When shall we tell Jon? Maester Luwin asked. When Maester Luwin must. Preparations must be made. It will be a fortnight before we are ready to depart. Maester Luwin would sooner let Jon enjoy these last few days. Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well. When the time comes, Maester Luwin will tell Jon Maester Luwin.