 The mare whickered softly as Jon Snow tightened the cinch. Easy, The mare, Jon Snow said in a soft voice, quieting The mare with a touch. Wind whispered through the stable, a cold dead breath on Jon Snow's face, but Jon Snow paid Wind no mind. Jon Snow strapped Jon Snow's roll to the saddle, Jon Snow's scarred fingers stiff and clumsy. Ghost, Jon Snow called softly, to Jon Snow. And Ghost was there, eyes like embers. Jon Snow, please. Jon Snow must not do this. Jon Snow mounted, the reins in Jon Snow's hand, and wheeled The mare around to face the night. Samwell Tarly stood in the stable door, a full moon peering over Samwell Tarly's shoulder. Samwell Tarly threw a giant's shadow, immense and black. Get out of Jon Snow's way, Samwell Tarly. Jon Snow, Jon Snow can't, Samwell Tarly said. Samwell Tarly won't let Jon Snow. Jon Snow would sooner not hurt Samwell Tarly, Jon Snow told Samwell Tarly. Move aside, Samwell Tarly, or Jon Snow'll ride Samwell Tarly down. Samwell Tarly won't. Samwell Tarly have to listen to Jon Snow.Please…  Jon put Jon's spurs to horseflesh, and the mare bolted for the door. For an instant Sam stood Sam's ground, Sam's face as round and pale as the moon behind Sam, Sam's mouth a widening O of surprise. At the last moment, when they were almost on Sam, Sam jumped aside as Jon had known Sam would, stumbled, and fell. the mare leapt over Sam, out into the night. Jon raised the hood of Jon's heavy cloak and gave the mare the mare's head. Castle Black was silent and still as Jon rode out, with Ghost racing at Jon's side. Men watched from the Wall behind Jon, Jon knew, but Men's eyes were turned north, not south. No one would see Jon go, no one but SamSam's . Jon hoped Sam hadn't hurt Sam, falling like that. Sam was so heavy and so ungainly, it would be just like Sam to break a wrist or twist Sam's ankle getting out of the way. Jon warned Sam, Jon said aloud. It was nothing to do with Sam, anyway. Jon flexed Jon's burned hand as Jon rode, opening and closing the scarred fingers. the scarred fingers still pained Jon, but it felt good to have the wrappings off. Moonlight silvered the hills as Jon followed the twisting ribbon of the kingsroad. Jon needed to get as far from the Wall behind him as Jon could before Men realized Jon was gone. On the morrow Jon would leave the kingsroad and strike out overland through field and bush and stream to throw off pursuit, but for the moment speed was more important than deception. It was not as though Men would not guess where Jon was going.The Old Bear was accustomed to rise at first light, so Jon had until dawn to put as many leagues as Jon could between Jon and the Wall… if Sam Tarly did not betray Jon. Sam Tarly was dutiful and easily frightened, but Sam Tarly loved Jon like a brother. If questioned, Sam Tarly would doubtless tell them the truth, but Jon could not imagine Sam Tarly braving the guards in front of the King's Tower to wake Mormont from sleep. When Jon did not appear to fetch The Old Bear's breakfast from the kitchen, the guards'd look in The Old Bear's cell and find Longclaw on the bed. It had been hard to abandon Longclaw, but Jon was not so lost to honor as to take Longclaw with Jon. Mormont had not done take, when Mormont fled in disgrace. Doubtless Mormont would find someone more worthy of Longclaw. Jon felt bad when Jon thought of Mormont. Jon knew Mormont's desertion would be salt in the still-raw wound of Mormont's disgrace. his desertion seemed a poor way to repay Mormont for Mormont's trust, but his desertion couldn't be helped. No matter what Jon did, Jon felt as though Jon were betraying someone. Even now, Jon did not know if Jon was doing the honorable thing. The southron had it easier. The southron had The southron's septons to talk to, someone to tell The southron the gods' will and help sort out right from wrong. But the Starks worshiped the gods', and if the heart trees heard, the heart trees did not speak. When the last lights of Castle Black vanished behind Jon, Jon slowed Jon's mare to a walk. Jon had a long journey ahead and only the one horse to see Jon through. There were holdfasts and farming villages along the road south where Jon might be able to trade his mare for a fresh mount when Jon needed one, but not if his mare were injured or blown.He would need to find new clothes soon; most like, He'd need to steal new clothes. He was clad in black from head to heel; high leather riding boots, roughspun breeches and tunic, sleeveless leather jerkin, and heavy wool cloak. He's longsword and dagger were sheathed in black moleskin, and the hauberk and coif in He's saddlebag were black ringmail. Any bit of black ringmail could mean He's death if He were taken. A stranger wearing black was viewed with cold suspicion in every village and holdfast north of the Neck, and men would soon be watching for A stranger wearing black. Once Maester Aemon's ravens took flight, He knew He would find no safe haven. Not even at Winterfell. Bran might want to let He in, but Maester Luwin had better sense. Maester Luwin would bar the gates and send He away, as He should. Better not to call there at all. Yet He saw Winterfell clear in He's mind's eye, as if He had left Winterfell only yesterday; the towering granite walls, the Great Hall with the Great Hall with its smells of smoke and dog and roasting meat's smells of smoke and dog and roasting meat, He's father's solar, the turret room where He had slept. Part of He wanted nothing so much as to hear Bran laugh again, to sup on one of Gage's beef-and-bacon pies, to listen to Old Nan tell Old Nan's tales of the children of the forest and Florian the Fool. But He had not left the Wall for that; He had left because He was after all his father's's son, and Robb's brother. The gift of a sword, even a sword as fine as Longclaw, did not make He a Mormont. Nor was He Maester Aemon's. Three times Maester Aemon's had chosen, and three times Maester Aemon's had chosen honor, but honor was Maester Aemon's. Even now, He could not decide whether Maester Aemon's had stayed because Maester Aemon's was weak and craven, or because Maester Aemon's was strong and true. Yet He understood what Maester Aemon's had meant, about the pain of choosing; He understood the pain of choosing all too well.Tyrion Lannister had claimed that most men would rather deny a hard truth than face a hard truth, but Jon was done with denials. Jon was who Jon was; Jon Snow, bastard and oathbreaker, motherless, friendless, and damned. For the rest of Jon's life—however long his life might be—Jon would be condemned to be an outsider, the silent man standing in the shadows who dares not speak Jon's true name. Wherever Jon might go throughout the Seven Kingdoms, Jon would need to live a lie, lest every man's hand be raised against Jon. But it made no matter, so long as Jon lived long enough to take Jon's place by Jon's brother's side and help avenge Jon's father. Jon remembered Robb as Jon had last seen his brother's, standing in the yard with snow melting in his brother's's auburn hair. Jon would have to come to his brother's in secret, disguised. Jon tried to imagine the look on his brother's's face when Jon revealed Jon. his brother's would shake his brother's's head and smile, and his brother's'd say… his brother's'd say…  Jon could not see smile. Hard as Jon tried, Jon could not see smile. Jon found Jon thinking of the deserter his father had beheaded the day they'd found the direwolves. Jon said the words, Lord Eddard had told Jon. Jon took a vow, before Jon's brothers, before the old gods and the new. Desmond and Fat Tom had dragged the deserter his father had beheaded the day they'd found the direwolves to the stump. Bran's eyes had been wide as saucers, and Jon had to remind Bran's to keep Bran's's pony in hand. Jon remembered the look on his father's face when Theon Greyjoy brought forth Ice, the spray of blood on the snow, the way Theon Greyjoy had kicked the head when the head came rolling at Theon Greyjoy's feet. Jon wondered what Lord Eddard might have done if the deserter his father had beheaded the day they'd found the direwolves had been Lord Eddard's brother Benjen instead of the deserter his father had beheaded the day they'd found the direwolves. Would it have been any different?It must, surely, surely… and Robb would welcome him, for a certainty. him had to, or else…  It did not bear thinking about. Pain throbbed, deep in him's fingers, as him clutched the reins. him put him's heels into him's horse and broke into a gallop, racing down the kingsroad, as if to outrun him's doubts. him was not afraid of death, but him did not want to die like that, trussed and bound and beheaded like a common brigand. If him must perish, let perish be with a sword in him's hand, fighting him's father's killers. him was no true Stark, had never been one… but him could die like one. Let them say that his father's had fathered four sons, not three. Ghost kept pace with them for almost half a mile, red tongue lolling from Ghost's mouth. Man and horse alike lowered Man and horse alike's heads as Ghost asked his horse for more speed. Ghost slowed, stopped, watching, Ghost's eyes glowing red in the moonlight. Ghost vanished behind, but him knew him would follow, at him's own pace. Scattered lights flickered through the trees ahead of him, on both sides of the road: Mole's Town. A dog barked as him rode through, and him heard a mule's raucous haw from the stable, but otherwise Mole's Town was still. Here and there the glow of hearth fires shone through shuttered windows, leaking between wooden slats, but only a few. Mole's's was bigger than Mole's Town seemed, but three quarters of Mole's Town was under the ground, in deep warm cellars connected by a maze of tunnels. Even the whorehouse was down there, nothing on the surface but a wooden shack no bigger than a privy, with a red lantern hung over the door. On the Wall, him'd heard men call the whores buried treasures.He wondered whether any of He's brothers in black were down there tonight, mining. mining was oathbreaking too, yet no one seemed to care. Not until He was well beyond the village did He slow again. By then both He and the mare were damp with sweat. He dismounted, shivering, He's burned hand aching. A bank of melting snow lay under the trees, bright in the moonlight, water trickling off to form small shallow pools. He squatted and brought He's hands together, cupping the runoff between his hands. The snowmelt was icy cold. He drank, and splashed some on He's face, until He's cheeks tingled. his hands were throbbing worse than his hands had in days, and He's head was pounding too. He am doing the right thing, He told He, so why do He feel so bad? the mare was well lathered, so He took the lead and walked the mare for a while. The road was scarcely wide enough for two riders to pass abreast, The road's surface cut by tiny streams and littered with stone. That run had been truly stupid, an invitation to a broken neck. He wondered what had gotten into He. Was He in such a great rush to die? Off in the trees, the distant scream of some frightened animal made He look up. the mare whinnied nervously.Had his wolf found some prey? his cupped his's hands around his's mouth. his wolf! his shouted. his wolf, to his. The only answer was a rush of wings behind his as an owl took flight. Frowning, his continued on his's way. his led the mare for half an hour, until the mare was dry. his wolf did not appear. his wanted to mount up and ride again, but his was concerned about his wolf. his wolf, his called again. Where are his wolf? To his! his wolf Nothing in these woods could trouble a direwolf, even a half-grown direwolf, unless… no, his wolf was too smart to attack a bear, and if there was a wolf pack anywhere close his would have surely heard a wolf pack howling. his should eat, his decided. Food would settle his's stomach and give his wolf the chance to catch up. There was no danger yet; Castle Black still slept.In his saddlebag, his found a biscuit, a piece of cheese, and a small withered brown apple. his'd brought salt beef as well, and a rasher of bacon his'd filched from the kitchens, but his would save the meat for the morrow. After the meat was gone his'd need to hunt, and hunt would slow his. his sat under the trees and ate a biscuit, a piece of cheese, and a small withered brown apple while his's mare grazed along the kingsroad. his kept a small withered brown apple for last. a small withered brown apple had gone a little soft, but the flesh was still tart and juicy. his was down to the core when his heard the sounds: horses, and from the north. Quickly his leapt up and strode to his mare. Could his outrun horses? No, horses were too close, horses'd hear his for a certainty, and if horses were from Castle Black…  his led his mare off the kingsroad, behind a thick stand of grey-green sentinels. Ouiet now, his said in a hushed voice, crouching down to peer through the branches. If the gods were kind, horses would pass by. Likely as not, horses were only smallfolk from Mole's Town, farmers on their way to their's fields, although what horses were doing out in the middle of the night…  his listened to the sound of hooves growing steadily louder as horses trotted briskly down the kingsroad. From the sound of hooves growing steadily louder as they trotted briskly down the kingsroad, there were five or six of horses at the least. horses's voices drifted through the trees. …certain he came this way? We can't be certain. he could have ridden east, for all Ouiet know.Or left the road to cut through the woods. That's what I'd do. In the dark? Stupid. If I didn't fall off I's horse and break I's neck, I'd get lost and wind up back at the Wall when the sun came up. I would not. I sounded peeved. I'd just ride south, you can tell south by the stars. What if the sky was cloudy? Pyp asked. Then I wouldn't go. Another voice broke in. You know where Another voice'd be if it was Another voice? Another voice'd be in Mole's Town, digging for buried treasure. Toad's shrill laughter boomed through the trees. Jon's mare snorted. Keep quiet, all of you, Haider said. Haider thought Haider heard something.Where? I didn't hear anything. The horses stopped. I can't hear I fart. I can too, I insisted. Quiet! They all fell silent, listening. Jon found Jon holding Jon's breath. Sam, Jon thought. Jon hadn't gone to the Old Bear, but Jon hadn't gone to bed either, Jon'd woken the other boys. Damn They all. Come dawn, if They all were not in They all's beds, They all'd be named deserters too. What did They all think They all were doing? The hushed silence seemed to stretch on and on. From where Jon crouched, Jon could see the legs of The horses through the branches. Finally Pyp spoke up. What did you hear? you don't know, you admitted.A sound, I thought it might have been a horse but…  There's nothing here. Out of the corner of I's eye, I glimpsed a pale shape moving through the trees. Leaves rustled, and Ghost came bounding out of the shadows, so suddenly that I's mare started and gave a whinny. There! Halder shouted. Halder heard it too! Traitor, I told Ghost as I swung up into the saddle. I turned Jon's mare's head to slide off through the trees, but they were on I before I had gone ten feet. I! Pyp shouted after I. Pull up, Grenn said. I can't outrun they. I wheeled around to face they, drawing I's sword. Get back. I don't wish to hurt they, but I will if I have to. One against seven? Halder gave a signal. they spread out, surrounding I.What do you want with me? me demanded. you want to take me back where me belong, Pyp said. me belong with me's brother. you're me's brothers now, Grenn said. They'll cut off me's head if They catch me, you know, Toad put in with a nervous laugh. This is so stupid, This's like something the Aurochs would do. Grenn would not, Grenn said. Grenn'm no oathbreaker. Grenn said the words and Grenn meant the words. So did me, me told you. Don't you understand? They murdered me's father. It's war, me's brother Robb is fighting in the riverlands—  you know, said Pyp solemnly. Sam told you everything. you're sorry about my father, Grenn said, but it doesn't matter. Once me say the words, me can't leave, no matter what. me have to, me said fervently.You said the words, Pyp reminded You. Now You's watch begins, You said the words. my watch shall not end until You's death. You shall live and die at You's post, You added, nodding. You don't have to tell You the words, You know the words as well as You do. You was angry now. Why couldn't they let You go in peace? they were only making it harder. I am the sword in the darkness, Halder intoned. The watcher on the walls, piped Toad. You cursed they to they's faces. they took no notice. Pyp spurred Pyp's horse closer, reciting, Pyp am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men. Stay back, You warned Pyp, brandishing You's sword. You mean it, Pyp. they weren't even wearing armor, You could cut they to pieces if You had to. Matthar had circled behind You. Matthar joined the chorus.I pledge I's life and honor to the Night's Watch. Jon kicked Jon's mare, spinning his mare in a circle. The boys were all around Jon now, closing from every side. For this night… Halder trotted in from the left. …and all the nights to come, finished Pyp. Halder reached over for Jon's reins. So here are Jon's choices. Kill Pyp, or come back with Pyp. Jon lifted Jon's sword… and lowered his sword, helpless. Damn The boys, Jon said. Damn The boys. Do The boys have to bind Jon's hands, or will Jon give The boys Jon's word Jon'll ride back peaceful? asked Halder. Jon won't run, if run's what Jon mean. Ghost moved out from under the trees and Jon glared at Ghost. Small help Ghost were, Jon said. The deep red eyes looked at Jon knowingly. We had best hurry, Pyp said.If we're not back before first light, the Old Bear will have all we's heads. Of the ride back, Jon Snow remembered little. the ride back seemed shorter than the journey south, perhaps because Jon Snow's mind was elsewhere. Pyp set the pace, galloping, walking, trotting, and then breaking into another gallop. Mole's Town came and went, the red lantern over the brothel long extinguished. we made good time. Dawn was still an hour off when Jon Snow glimpsed the towers of Castle Black ahead of we, dark against the pale immensity of the Wall. Castle Black did not seem like home this time. They could take Jon Snow back, Jon Snow told Jon Snow, but They could not make Jon Snow stay. The war would not end on the morrow, or the day after, and Jon Snow's friends could not watch Jon Snow day and night. Jon Snow would bide Jon Snow's time, make his friends think Jon Snow was content to remain here… and then, when his friends had grown lax, Jon Snow would be off again. Next time Jon Snow would avoid the kingsroad. Jon Snow could follow the Wall east, perhaps all the way to the sea, a longer route but a safer one. Or even west, to the mountains, and then south over the high passes. That was the wildling's way, hard and perilous, but at least no one wouid follow Jon Snow. Jon Snow wouldn't stray within a hundred leagues of Winterfell or the kingsroad. Samwell Tarly awaited we in the old stables, slumped on the ground against a bale of hay, too anxious to sleep. Samwell Tarly rose and brushed Samwell Tarly off.I… I'm glad they found you, you. you'm not, you said, dismounting. Pyp hopped off Pyp's horse and looked at the lightening sky with disgust. Give us a hand bedding down the horses, Sam, Pyp said. us have a long day before us, and no sleep to face it on, thanks to Lord Snow. When day broke, you walked to the kitchens as you did every dawn. Three-Finger Hobb said nothing as Three-Finger Hobb gave you the Old Bear's breakfast. Today the Old Bear's breakfast was three brown eggs boiled hard, with fried bread and ham steak and a bowl of wrinkled plums. you carried the Old Bear's breakfast back to the King's Tower. you found Mormont at the window seat, writing. Mormont's raven was walking back and forth across Mormont's shoulders, muttering, Corn, corn, corn. His raven shrieked when you entered. Put the Old Bear's breakfast on the table, Mormont said, glancing up. Mormont'll have some beer. you opened a shuttered window, took the flagon of beer off the outside ledge, and filled a horn. Three-Finger Hobb had given you a lemon, still cold from the Wall. you crushed a lemon, still cold from the Wall in you's fist. The juice trickled through you's fingers.Mormont drank lemon in Mormont's beer every day, and claimed drank was why Mormont still had Mormont's own teeth. Doubtless you loved you's father, Mormont said when you brought Mormont you's horn. The things we love destroy we every time, you. Remember when Mormont told you destroy? you remember, you said sullenly. you did not care to talk of your father's death, not even to Mormont. See that you never forget his father's death. The hard truths are the ones to hold tight. Fetch you you's plate. Is it ham again? So be it. you look weary. Was you's moonlight ride so tiring? you's throat was dry. you know? Know, the raven echoed from Mormont's shoulder. Know. Mormont snorted.Do you think they chose me Lord Commander of the Night's Watch because me'm dumb as a stump, Snow? Aemon told me you'd go. me told Aemon you'd be back. me know me's men… and me's boys too. Honor set you on the kingsroad… and honor brought you back. you's friends brought you back, you said. Did you say it was me's honor? me inspected me's plate. They killed me's father. Did me expect me to do nothing? If truth be told, we expected you to do just as you did. me tried a plum, spit out the pit. me ordered a watch kept over you., you were seen leaving. If My friends had not fetched you back, you would have been taken along the way, and not by friends. Unless you have a horse with wings like a raven. Do you? No. you felt like a fool.Pity, we could use a horse like that. Jon stood tall. Jon told Jon that Jon would die well; that much Jon could do, at the least. Jon know the penalty for desertion, Jon's lord. Jon'm not afraid to die. Die! the raven cried. Nor live, my lord hope, my lord said, cutting my lord's ham with a dagger and feeding a bite to the raven. Jon have not deserted—yet. Here Jon stand. If we beheaded every boy who rode to Mole's Town in the night, only ghosts would guard the Wall. Yet maybe Jon mean to flee again on the morrow, or a fortnight from now. Is mean it? Is mean Jon's hope, Jon? Jon kept silent. Jon thought so. my lord peeled the shell off a boiled egg. Jon's father is dead, Jon.Do you think you can bring him back? No, you answered, sullen. Good, Mormont said. We've seen the dead come back, We, and come's not something Mormont care to see again. Mormont ate the egg in two bites and flicked a bit of shell out from between Mormont's teeth. you's brother is in the field with all the power of the north behind Your brother. Any one of Your brother's lords bannermen commands more swords than you'll find in all the Night's Watch. Why do you imagine that his lords bannermen need you's help? Are you such a mighty warrior, or do you carry a grumkin in you's pocket to magic up you's sword? you had no answer for Mormont. The raven was pecking at an egg, breaking an egg. Pushing The raven's beak through the hole, The raven pulled out morsels of white and yoke. Mormont sighed. you are not the only one touched by this war. Like as not, Mormont's sister is marching in Your brother's host, my sister and those daughters of my sister, dressed in men's mail. my sister is a hoary old snark, stubborn, short-tempered, and willful. Truth be told, Mormont can hardly stand to be around my sister, but stand does not mean Mormont's love for my sister is any less than the love you bear those daughters of hers, dressed in men's mail. Frowning, Mormont took Mormont's last egg and squeezed his last egg in Mormont's fist until his last egg crunched.Or perhaps it does. Be that as it may, I'd still grieve if she were slain, yet you don't see I running off. I said the words, just as you did. I's place is here… where is yours, yours? yours have no place, yours wanted to say, yours'm a bastard, yours have no rights, no name, no mother, and now not even a father. the words would not come. I don't know. I do, said I. The cold winds are rising, Snow. Beyond the Wall, the shadows lengthen. Cotter Pyke writes of vast herds of elk, streaming south and east toward the sea, and mammoths as well. Cotter Pyke says one of Cotter Pyke's men discovered huge, misshapen footprints not three leagues from Eastwatch. Rangers from the Shadow Tower have found whole villages abandoned, and at night Ser Denys says Rangers from the Shadow Tower see fires in the mountains, huge blazes that burn from dusk till dawn. Quorin Halfhand took a captive in the depths of the Gorge, and a captive swears that Mance Rayder is massing all Mance Rayder's people in some new, secret stronghold Mance Rayder's found, to what end the gods only know. Do you think you's uncle Benjen was the only ranger we've lost this past year? Ben Jen, the raven squawked, bobbing the raven's head, bits of egg dribbling from the raven's beak. Ben JenBen Jen. No, Jon said. There had been others. Too many. Do Jon think Jon's brother's war is more important than ours? the old man barked. Jon chewed Jon's lip. The raven flapped The raven's wings at Jon. War, war, war, war, The raven sang. your brother's war's not, the old man told Jon. Gods save us, Jon, Jon're not blind and Jon're not stupid. When dead men come hunting in the night, do Jon think it matters who sits the Iron Throne? No. Jon had not thought of it that way. your brother's sent Jon to us, Jon. Why, who can say? Why?Why? Why? the raven called. All the raven know is that the blood of the First Men flows in the veins of the Starks. the First Men built the Wall, and it's said the First Men remember things otherwise forgotten. And that beast of yours… that beast of yours led us to the wights, warned yours of the dead man on the steps. Ser Jaremy would doubtless call that happenstance, yet Ser Jaremy is dead and the raven'm not. Lord Mormont stabbed a chunk of ham with the point of Lord Mormont's dagger. Lord Mormont think yours were meant to be here, and Lord Mormont want yours and that beast of yours yours with us when us go beyond the Wall. Lord Mormont's words sent a chill of excitement down yours's back. Beyond the Wall? Lord Mormont heard Lord Mormont. Lord Mormont mean to find Ben Stark, alive or dead. Lord Mormont chewed and swallowed. Lord Mormont will not sit here meekly and wait for the snows and the ice winds. us must know what is happening. This time the Night's Watch will ride in force, against the King-beyond-the-Wall, the Others, and anything else that may be out there.I mean to command them I. I pointed I's dagger at Jon's chest. By custom, the Lord Commander's steward is the Lord Commander's's squire as well… but I do not care to wake every dawn wondering if Jon's've run off again. So I will have an answer from Jon's, Jon's, and I will have an answer now. Are Jon's a brother of the Night's Watch… or only a bastard boy who wants to play at war? Jon's straightened Jon's and took a long deep breath. Forgive Jon's, I. Robb, Arya, Bran… forgive I, I cannot help you. I has the truth of it. This is Jon's's place. Jon's am… I, Jon's's . I's man. Jon's swear it. Jon's will not run again. I snorted. Good. Now go put on Jon's's sword.