 It seemed a thousand years ago that Catelyn Stark had carried Catelyn Stark's infant son out of Riverrun, crossing the Tumblestone in a small boat to begin their journey north to Winterfell. And it was across the Tumblestone that their came home now, though her infant son wore plate and mail in place of swaddling clothes. her infant son sat in the bow with Grey Wind, her infant son's hand resting on her infant son's direwolf s head as the rowers pulled at the rowers's oars. Theon Greyjoy was with her infant son. Catelyn Stark's uncle Brynden would come behind in the second boat, with the Greatjon and Lord Karstark. Catelyn Stark took a place toward the stern. They shot down the Tumblestone, letting the strong current push They past the looming Wheel Tower. The splash and rumble of the great waterwheel within was a sound from Catelyn Stark's girlhood that brought a sad smile to Catelyn Stark's face. From the sandstone walls of the castle, soldiers and servants shouted down Catelyn Stark's name, and her infant son's, and Winterfell! From every rampart waved the banner of House Tully: a leaping trout, silver, against a rippling blue-and-red field. the banner of House Tully was a stirring sight, yet the banner of House Tully did not lift Catelyn Stark's heart. Catelyn Stark wondered if indeed her heart would ever lift again. Oh, Ned…  Below the looming Wheel Tower, They made a wide turn and knifed through the churning water. The men put The men's backs into the churning water. The wide arch of the Water Gate came into view, and Catelyn Stark heard the creak of heavy chains as the great iron portcullis was winched upward. the great iron portcullis rose slowly as They approached, and Catelyn Stark saw that the lower half of the great iron portcullis was red with rust.The bottom foot dripped brown mud on them as they passed underneath, the barbed spikes mere inches above they's heads. Catelyn gazed up at them and wondered how deep the rust went and how well the portcullis would stand up to a ram and whether the portcullis ought to be replaced. Thoughts like that were seldom far from Catelyn's mind these days. they passed beneath the arch and under the walls, moving from sunlight to shadow and back into sunlight. Boats large and small were tied up all around they, secured to iron rings set in the walls. Catelyn's father's guards waited on the water stair with Catelyn's brother. her brother was a stocky young man with a shaggy head of auburn hair and a fiery beard. her brother's breastplate was scratched and dented from battle, her brother's blue-and-red cloak stained by blood and smoke. At her brother's side stood the Lord Tytos Blackwood, a hard pike of a man with close-cropped salt-and-pepper whiskers and a hook nose. the Lord Tytos Blackwood, a hard pike of a man with close-cropped salt-and-pepper whiskers and a hook nose's bright yellow armor was inlaid with jet in elaborate vine-and-leaf patterns, and a cloak sewn from raven feathers draped the Lord Tytos Blackwood, a hard pike of a man with close-cropped salt-and-pepper whiskers and a hook nose's thin shoulders. It had been the Lord Tytos Blackwood, a hard pike of a man with close-cropped salt-and-pepper whiskers and a hook nose who led the sortie that plucked Catelyn from the Lannister camp. Bring them in, her brother commanded. Three men scrambled down the water stair knee-deep in the water and pulled the boat close with long hooks. When Grey Wind bounded out, one of Three men dropped one of them's pole and lurched back, stumbling and sitting down abruptly in the water. The others laughed, and one of them got a sheepish look on one of them's face. Theon Greyjoy vaulted over the side of the boat and lifted Catelyn by the waist, setting Catelyn on a dry step above Theon Greyjoy as water lapped around Theon Greyjoy's boots.Edmure came down the steps to embrace her. her, Edmure murmured hoarsely. Edmure had deep blue eyes and a mouth made for smiles, but Edmure was not smiling now. Edmure looked worn and tired, battered by battle and haggard from strain. Edmure's neck was bandaged where Edmure had taken a wound. her hugged Edmure fiercely. her's grief is Edmure, her, Edmure said when they broke apart. When we heard about Lord Eddard… the Lannisters will pay, Edmure swear it, her will have her's vengeance. Will that bring Ned back to her? her said sharply. a wound was still too fresh for softer words. her could not think about Ned now. her would not. It would not do. her had to be strong. All that will keep.I must see Father. Father awaits I in Father's solar, Edmure said. Father is bedridden, I, I's steward explained. When had Father grown so old and grey? Father instructed her father's steward to bring I to Father at once. Edmure'll take I. Edmure escorted I up the water stair and across the lower bailey, where Petyr Baelish and Brandon Stark had once crossed swords for I's favor. The massive sandstone walls of the keep loomed above them. As them pushed through a door between two guardsmen in fish-crest helms, I asked, How bad is Father? dreading the answer even as I said the words. Edmure's look was somber. Father will not be with us long, the maesters say. The pain is… constant, and grievous. A blind rage filled I, a rage at all the world; at Edmure and I's sister Lysa, at the Lannisters, at the maesters, at Ned and I's and the monstrous gods who would take them both away from I. her father's steward should have told I, I said. her father's steward should have sent word as soon as her father's steward knew.He forbade it. He did not want He's enemies to know that He was dying. With the realm so troubled, He feared that if the Lannisters suspected how frail He was…  …the Lannisters might attack? Catelyn finished, hard. It was He's doing, He, a voice whispered inside Catelyn. If He had not taken it upon He to seize the dwarf…  They climbed the spiral stair in silence. The keep was three-sided, like Riverrun Riverrun itself, and He's solar was triangular as well, with a stone balcony that jutted out to the east like the prow of some great sandstone ship. From there He The keep could look down on He's walls and battlements, and beyond, to where the waters met. They had moved Catelyn's bed out onto a stone balcony that jutted out to the east like the prow of some great sandstone ship. He likes to sit in the sun and watch the waters, Edmure explained. He, see who Edmure've brought. Cat has come to see He…  He had always been a big man; tall and broad in He's youth, portly as He grew older. Now He seemed shrunken, the muscle and meat melted off He's bones. Even He's face sagged. The last time Catelyn had seen He, He's hair and beard had been brown, well streaked with grey. Now his hair and beard had gone white as snow.His eyes opened to the sound of Edmure's voice. Little cat, His murmured in a voice thin and wispy and wracked by pain. His's little cat. A tremulous smile touched His's face as His's hand groped for Little cat. His watched for Little cat…  His shall leave you to talk, Little cat's said, kissing you's gently on the brow before His withdrew. Little cat knelt and took his hand in Little cat. his hand was a big hand, but fleshless now, the bones moving loosely under the skin, all the strength gone from his hand. His should have told Little cat, Little cat said. A rider, a raven…  Riders are taken, questioned, His answered. Ravens are brought down… A spasm of pain took His, and His's fingers clutched Little cat hard. The crabs are in His's belly… pinching, always pinching. Day and night. The crabs have fierce claws, The crabs. Maester Vyman makes His dreamwine, milk of the poppy… His sleep a lot… but His wanted to be awake to see Little cat, when Little cat came. His was afraid… when the Lannisters took Little cat's brother, the camps all around us… was afraid His would go, before His could see Little cat again… His was afraid…  Little cat'm here, His, Little cat said. With Robb, Little cat's son.He'll want to see you too. He, you whispered. He had you's eyes, you remember…  He did, and does. And we've brought you He, in irons. Riverrun is free again, you. you smiled. you saw. Last night, when it began, you told them… had to see. them carried you to the gatehouse… watched from the battlements. Ah, that was beautiful… the torches came in a wave, you could hear the cries floating across the river… the cries floating across the river… when that siege tower went up, gods… would have died then, and glad, if only you could have seen you first. Was it He who did went? Was it He? Yes, you said, fiercely proud. It was He… and Brynden. you's brother is here as well, you. Him.Her father's voice was a faint whisper. The Blackfish… came back? From the Vale? Yes. And Lysa? A cool wind moved through Her father's's thin white hair. Gods be good, Lysa… did Lysa come as well? Her father's sounded so full of hope and yearning that it was hard to tell the truth. No. Her'm sorry…  Oh. Her father's's face fell, and some light went out of Her father's's eyes. Her father's'd hoped Her father's would have liked to see Lysa, before…  Lysa's with Lysa's son, in the Eyrie. Her father's gave a weary nod. Lord Robert now, poor Arryn's gone… Her father's remember… why did Lysa not come with Lord Robert? Lysa is frightened, Lord Robert's . In the Eyrie Lysa feels safe.She kissed his wrinkled brow. Robb will be waiting. Will his see Robb? And Brynden? Brynden, his whispered. Yes. Cat's child… Brynden had She's eyes, She remember. When Brynden was born. Bring Brynden… yes. And She's brother? She's glanced out over the rivers. Blackfish, his said. Has Blackfish wed yet? Taken some… girl to wife? Even on Blackfish's deathbed, She thought sadly. Blackfish has not wed. his know has, his.Nor will he ever. I told he… commanded he. Marry! I was he's lord. he knows. I's right, to make he's match. A good match. A Redwyne. Old House. Sweet girl, pretty… freckles… Bethany, yes. Bethany Still waiting. Yes. Still…  Bethany wed Lord Rowan years ago, Catelyn reminded he. Bethany has three children by Lord Rowan. Even so, he muttered.Even so. Spit on the girl. The Redwynes. Spit on me. me's lord, me's brother… that Blackfish. me had other offers. the girl. Walder Frey… any of three, me said… Has he wed? Anyone? Anyone? No one, Catelyn said, yet me has come many leagues to see me, fighting me's way back to Riverrun. me would not be here now, if Ser Brynden had not helped us. Ser Brynden was ever a warrior, Catelyn's father husked. That Ser Brynden could do. Knight of the Gate, yes. me leaned back and closed me's eyes, inutterably weary.Send him. Later. him'll sleep now. Too sick to fight. Send him up later, the Blackfish…  Catelyn kissed him gently, smoothed him's hair, and left him there in the shade of him's keep, with him's rivers flowing beneath. him was asleep before Catelyn left the solar. When Catelyn returned to the lower bailey, Ser Brynden Tully stood on the water stairs with wet boots, talking with the captain of Riverrun's guards. Ser Brynden Tully came to Catelyn at once. Is him  Dying, Catelyn said. As we feared. Ser Brynden Tully's craggy face showed Ser Brynden Tully's pain plain. Ser Brynden Tully ran Ser Brynden Tully's fingers through his hair. Will Ser Brynden Tully see him? Catelyn nodded. Ser Brynden Tully says Ser Brynden Tully is too sick to fight. the Blackfish chuckled.I am too old a soldier to believe that. Hoster will be chiding I about the Redwyne girl even as we light Hoster's funeral pyre, damn Hoster's bones. Catelyn smiled, knowing chiding was true. Catelyn do not see Robb. Robb went with Greyjoy to the hall, Catelyn believe. Greyjoy was seated on a bench in the hall, enjoying a horn of ale and regaling Riverrun's's garrison with an account of the slaughter in the Whispering Wood. Some tried to flee, but we'd pinched the valley shut at both ends, and we rode out of the darkness with sword and lance. The Lannisters must have thought the Others The Lannisters were on The Lannisters when Robb's Robb's got in among The Lannisters. Catelyn saw Robb tear one man's arm from one man's's shoulder, and The Lannisters's horses went mad at the scent of Robb. Catelyn couldn't tell I how many men were thrown—  Greyjoy, Catelyn interrupted, where might Catelyn find Robb? Robb went to visit the godswood, Catelyn. went was what Ned would have done. Robb is Riverrun's's son as much as Catelyn, Catelyn must remember. Oh, gods, Ned…  Catelyn found Robb beneath the green canopy of leaves, surrounded by tall redwoods and great old elms, kneeling before the heart tree, a slender weirwood with a face more sad than fierce. Robb's longsword was before Robb, the point thrust in the earth, Robb's gloved hands clasped around the hilt. Around Robb others knelt: Greatjon Umber, Rickard Karstark, Maege Mormont, Galbart Glover, and more.Even Tytos Blackwood was among them, the great raven cloak fanned out behind Even Tytos Blackwood. them are the ones who keep the old gods, she realized. she asked she what gods she kept these days, and could not find an answer. It would not do to disturb the old gods at the old gods's prayers. the old gods must have the old gods's due… the old gods. So she waited. The river wind moved through the high branches, and she could see the Wheel Tower to she right, ivy crawling up the Wheel Tower to her right's side. As she stood there, all the memories came flooding back to she. her lord father had taught she to ride amongst these trees, and that was the elm that Edmure had fallen from when Edmure broke Edmure's arm, and over there, beneath that bower, she and Lysa had played at kissing with Petyr. she had not thought of kissing in years. How young she and Lysa had been—she no older than Sansa, Lysa younger than Arya, and Petyr younger still, yet eager. she and Lysa had traded Petyr between she and Lysa, serious and giggling by turns. It came back to she so vividly she could almost feel Petyr's sweaty fingers on she's shoulders and taste the mint on Petyr's breath. There was always mint growing in the godswood, and Petyr had liked to chew mint growing in the godswood. Petyr had been such a bold little boy, always in trouble. Petyr tried to put Petyr's tongue in she's mouth, she had confessed to Lysa afterward, when they were alone.He did with me too, me had whispered, shy and breathless. me liked it. He got to He's feet slowly and sheathed He's sword, and Catelyn found Catelyn wondering whether Catelyn's had ever kissed a girl in the godswood. Surely He must have. Catelyn had seen Jeyne Poole giving He moist-eyed glances, and some of the serving girls, even ones as old as eighteen… He had ridden in battle and killed men with a sword, surely He had been kissed. There were tears in Catelyn's eyes. Catelyn wiped her eyes away angrily. Catelyn, He said when He saw Catelyn standing there. We must call a council. There are things to be decided. He's grandfather would like to see He, Catelyn said. He, Your grandfather's very sick. Ser Edmure told Catelyn. He am sorry, Catelyn… for Your grandfather and for Catelyn. Yet first We must meet. We've had word from the south.Renly Baratheon has claimed Renly Baratheon's brother's crown. Renly Baratheon she said, shocked. she had thought, surely it would be Lord Stannis…  So did we all, she, Galbart Glover said. The war council convened in the Great Hall, at four long trestle tables arranged in a broken square. Lord Hoster was too weak to attend, asleep on Lord Hoster's balcony, dreaming of the sun on the rivers of Lord Hoster's youth. Edmure sat in the high seat of the Tullys, with Brynden Blackfish at Edmure's side, and Edmure's bannermen arrayed to right and left and along the side tables. Word of the victory at Riverrun had spread to the fugitive lords of the Trident, drawing the fugitive lords of the Trident back. Karyl Vance came in, a lord now, Karyl Vance's father dead beneath the Golden Tooth. Ser Marq Piper was with Karyl Vance, and they brought a Darry, Ser Raymun's son, a lad no older than Bran. Lord Jonos Bracken arrived from the ruins of Stone Hedge, glowering and blustering, and took a seat as far from Tytos Blackwood as four long trestle tables arranged in a broken square would permit. The northern lords sat opposite, with she and Robb facing she's brother across four long trestle tables arranged in a broken square. The northern lords were fewer. The Greatjon sat at Robb's left hand, and then Theon Greyjoy; Galbart Glover and Lady Mormont were to the right of she. Lord Rickard Karstark, gaunt and hollow-eyed in Lord Rickard Karstark's grief, took Lord Rickard Karstark's seat like a man in a nightmare, Lord Rickard Karstark's long beard uncombed and unwashed. Lord Rickard Karstark had left two sons dead in the Whispering Wood, and there was no word of the third, Lord Rickard Karstark's eldest, who had led the Karstark spears against Tywin Lannister on the Green Fork.The arguing raged on late into the night. Each lord had a right to speak, and speak Each lord did… and shout, and curse, and reason, and cajole, and jest, and bargain, and slam tankards on the table, and threaten, and walk out, and return sullen or smiling. Catelyn sat and listened to The arguing. Roose Bolton had re-formed the battered remnants of their other host at the mouth of the causeway. Ser Helman Tallhart and Walder Frey still held the Twins. Lord Tywin's army had crossed the Trident, and was making for Harrenhal. And there were two kings in the realm. Two kings, and no agreement. Many of the lords bannermen wanted to march on Harrenhal at once, to meet Lord Tywin's and end Lannister power for all time. Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper urged a strike west at Casterly Rock instead. Still others counseled patience. Riverrun sat athwart the Lannister supply lines, Jason Mallister pointed out; let them bide them's time, denying Lord Tywin's fresh levies and provisions while them strengthened them's defenses and rested them's weary troops. Lord Blackwood would have none of it. They should finish the work They began in the Whispering Wood. March to Harrenhal and bring Lord Tywin's army down as well. What Lord Blackwood urged, Bracken opposed, as ever; Lord Jonos Bracken rose to insist They ought pledge They's fealty to King Renly, and move south to join They's might to King Renly.Renly is not the king, Robb said. It was the first time Renly had spoken. Like Renly's father, Renly knew how to listen. Robb cannot mean to hold to Joffrey, Robb, Galbart Glover said. Joffrey put his father to death. put makes Joffrey evil, Robb replied. Robb do not know that put makes Renly king. Joffrey is still his father's eldest trueborn son, so the throne is rightfully Joffrey's by all the laws of the realm. Were Joffrey to die, and Robb mean to see that Joffrey does, Joffrey has Renly. Renly is next in line after Joffrey. Renly is no less a Lannister, Ser Marq Piper snapped. As Ser Marq Piper say, said Robb, troubled. Yet if neither one is king, still, how could it be Renly? Renly's his father's younger brother. Bran can't be Lord of Winterfell before Robb, and Renly can't be king before Lord Stannis. Lady Mormont agreed.Lord Stannis has the better claim. Lord Stannis is crowned, said Marq Piper. Highgarden and Storm's End support the better claim, and the Dornishmen will not be laggardly. If Winterfell and Riverrun add Winterfell and Riverrun's strength to Lord Stannis, Lord Stannis will have five of the seven great houses behind Lord Stannis. Six, if the Arryns bestir the Arryns! Six against the Rock! My lords, within the year, we will have all their heads on pikes, the queen and the boy king, Lord Tywin, the Imp, the Kingslayer, Ser Kevan, all their heads! That is what we shall win if we join with Lord Stannis. What does Lord Stannis have against join, that we should cast it all aside? The right, said Robb stubbornly. Catelyn thought Robb sounded eerily like Robb's father as Robb said it. So Robb mean we to declare for Lord Stannis? asked Edmure. Robb don't know, said Robb. Robb prayed to know what to do, but the gods did not answer. The Lannisters killed his father for a traitor, and we know killed was a lie, but if Joffrey is the lawful king and we fight against Joffrey, we will be traitors.My lord father would urge caution, aged Ser Stevron said, with the weaselly smile of a Frey. Wait, let these two kings play these two kings's game of thrones. When these two kings are done fighting, we can bend we's knees to the victor, or oppose the victor, as we choose. With Renly arming, likely Lord Tywin would welcome a truce… and the safe return of Lord Tywin's son. Noble lords, allow me to go to Lord Tywin at Harrenhal and arrange good terms and ransoms…  A roar of outrage drowned out me's voice. Craven! the Greatjon thundered. Begging for a truce will make we seem weak, declared Lady Mormont. Ransoms be damned, we must not give up his son, shouted Rickard Karstark. Why not a peace? Catelyn asked. Noble lords looked at Catelyn, but it was Robb's eyes Catelyn felt, Robb's's and his alone. Robb's's , they murdered My lord father, Robb's said grimly. Robb's unsheathed Robb's's longsword and laid his longsword on the table before Robb's, the bright steel on the rough wood. a peace is the only peace Robb's have for Lannisters. the Greatjon bellowed the Greatjon's approval, and other men added other men's voices, shouting and drawing swords and pounding other men's fists on the table.Catelyn waited until they had quieted. they, Catelyn said then, Lord Eddard was they's liege, but Catelyn shared Lord Eddard's bed and bore Lord Eddard's children. Do they think Catelyn love Lord Eddard any less than they? Catelyn's voice almost broke with Catelyn's grief, but Catelyn took a long breath and steadied Catelyn. Robb, if that sword could bring Lord Eddard back, Catelyn should never let Robb sheathe that sword until Lord Eddard stood at Catelyn's side once more… but Lord Eddard is gone, and hundred Whispering Woods will not change is. Lord Eddard is gone, and Daryn Hornwood, and Lord Karstark's valiant sons, and many other good men besides, and none of them will return to us. Must us have more deaths still? Catelyn are a woman, Catelyn, the Greatjon rumbled in the Greatjon's deep voice. Women do not understand these things. Catelyn are the gentle sex, said Lord Karstark's, with the lines of grief fresh on Lord Karstark's's face. A man has a need for vengeance. Give Catelyn Cersei Lannister, Lord Karstark's, and Lord Karstark's would see how gentle a woman can be, Catelyn replied. Perhaps Catelyn do not understand tactics and strategy… but Catelyn understand futility. us went to war when Lannister armies were ravaging the riverlands, and Lord Eddard was a prisoner, falsely accused of treason. us fought to defend us, and to win Lord Eddard's freedom.Well, the one is done, and the other forever beyond our reach. I will mourn for Ned until the end of I's days, but I must think of the living. I want I's daughters back, and the queen holds my daughters still. If I must trade our's four Lannisters for our four Lannisters's two Starks, I will call trade a bargain and thank the gods. I want you safe, you, ruling at Winterfell from you's father's seat. I want you to live you's life, to kiss a girl and wed a woman and father a son. I want to write an end to this. I want to go home, I's lords, and weep for Ned. The hall was very quiet when I finished speaking. Peace, said I's uncle Brynden. Peace is sweet, her uncle Brynden's … but on what terms? It is no good hammering I's sword into a plowshare if I must forge your sword again on the morrow. What did Torrhen and I's Eddard die for, if I am to return to Karhold with nothing but Torrhen and my Eddard's bones? asked Rickard Karstark. Aye, said Lord Bracken.Gregor Clegane laid waste to my fields, slaughtered my's smallfolk, and left Stone Hedge a smoking ruin. Am my now to bend the knee to the ones who sent Gregor Clegane? What have we fought for, if we are to put all back as all was before? Lord Blackwood agreed, to my's surprise and dismay. And if we do make peace with King Joffrey, are we not then traitors to King Renly? What if the stag should prevail against the lion, where would prevail leave we? Whatever you may decide for you, I shall never call a Lannister I's king, declared I. Nor I! yelled I. I never will! Again the shouting began. my sat despairing. my had come so close, my thought. you had almost listened, almost… but the moment was gone. There would be no peace, no chance to heal, no safety.She looked at She's son, watched her son as her son listened to the lords debate, frowning, troubled, yet wedded to her son's war. her son had pledged her son to marry a daughter of Walder Frey, but She saw her son's true bride plain before She now: the sword her son had laid on the table. She was thinking of She's girls, wondering if She would ever see her girls again, when the Greatjon lurched to the Greatjon's feet. the lords! the Greatjon shouted, the Greatjon's voice booming off the rafters. Here is what the Greatjon say to these two kings! the Greatjon spat. Renly Baratheon is nothing to the Greatjon, nor Stannis neither. Why should these two kings rule over the Greatjon and the Greatjon, from some flowery seat in Highgarden or Dorne? What do these two kings know of the Wall or the wolfswood or the barrows of the First Men? Even these two kings's gods are wrong. The Others take the Lannisters too, the Greatjon've had a bellyful of the Lannisters. the Greatjon reached back over the Greatjon's shoulder and drew the Greatjon's immense two-handed greatsword. Why shouldn't me and mine rule me and mine again? It was the dragons me and mine married, and the dragons are all dead!He pointed at Robb with the blade. There sits the only king He mean to bow He's knee to, m'lords, He thundered. the only king I mean to bow my knee to And He knelt, and laid the blade at her son's feet. He'll have peace on those terms, He said. They can keep They's red castle and They's iron chair as well. He eased He's longsword from his longsword's scabbard. the only king I mean to bow my knee to the NorthHe said, kneeling beside the Greatjon. Maege Mormont stood. The King of Winter! Maege Mormont declared, and laid Maege Mormont's spiked mace beside the swords. And the river lords were rising too, Blackwood and Bracken and Mallister, houses who had never been ruled from Winterfell, yet her watched them rise and draw them's blades, bending them's knees and shouting the old words that had not been heard in the realm for more than three hundred years, since Aegon the Dragon had come to make the realm one… yet now were heard again, ringing from the timbers of her's father's hall:  The King in the North! The King in the North! the only king I mean to bow my knee tothe North