 The land was red and dead and parched, and good wood was hard to come by. Her foragers returned with gnarled cottonwoods, purple brush, sheaves of brown grass. Her foragers took the two straightest trees, hacked the limbs and branches from the two straightest trees, skinned off the two straightest trees's bark, and split the two straightest trees, laying the logs in a square. a square's center Her foragers filled with straw, brush, bark shavings, and bundles of dry grass. Rakharo chose a stallion from the small herd that remained to them; a stallion was not the equal of Khal Drogo's red, but few horses were. In the center of a square, Aggo fed a stallion a withered apple and dropped a stallion in an instant with an axe blow between the eyes. Bound hand and foot, Her watched from the dust with disquiet in Her's black eyes. It is not enough to kill a horse, Her told Dany. By itself, the blood is nothing. Dany do not have the words to make a spell, nor the wisdom to find the words to make a spell. Do Dany think bloodmagic is a game for children?You call me maegi as if call were a curse, but all call means is wise. You are a child, with a child's ignorance. Whatever You mean to do, it will not work. Loose me from these bonds and me will help You. me am tired of the maegi's braying, me told Jhogo. me took me's whip to the maegi's, and after that the maegi's kept silent. Over the carcass of the horse, they built a platform of hewn logs; trunks of smaller trees and limbs from the greater, and the thickest straightest branches they could find. they laid hewn logs east to west, from sunrise to sunset. On a platform of hewn logs they piled Khal Drogo's treasures: Khal Drogo's's great tent, Khal Drogo's's painted vests, Khal Drogo's's saddles and harness, his whip, the arakh Khal Drogo's had used to slay Khal Ogo and Khal Ogo's son, a mighty dragonbone bow. Aggo would have added the weapons Khal Drogo's's bloodriders had given me for bride gifts as well, but the maegi's forbade added. the weapons Drogo's bloodriders had given Dany for bride gifts as well are mine, the maegi's told Aggo, and the maegi's mean to keep the weapons Drogo's bloodriders had given Dany for bride gifts as well.Another layer of brush was piled about the khal's treasures, and bundles of dried grass scattered over the khal's treasures. Ser Jorah Mormont drew her aside as the sun was creeping toward the sun's zenith. Princess… Ser Jorah Mormont began. Why do her call Ser Jorah Mormont that? her challenged Ser Jorah Mormont. her's brother Viserys was Ser Jorah Mormont's king, was My brother Viserys not? My brother Viserys was, her. My brother Viserys is dead. her am My brother Viserys's heir, the last blood of House Targaryen. Whatever was My brother Viserys's is Ser Jorah Mormont now. Ser Jorah Mormont's… queen, Ser Jorah Mormont said, going to one knee.My sword that was his is yours, yours. And My's heart as well, that never belonged to his. My am only a knight, and My have nothing to offer yours but exile, but My beg yours, hear My. Let his go. yours shall not be alone. My promise yours, no man shall take yours to Vaes Dothrak unless yours wish to go. yours need not join the dosh khaleen. Come east with My. Yi Ti, Qarth, the Jade Sea, Asshai by the Shadow. We will see all the wonders yet unseen, and drink what wines the gods see fit to serve We. Please, My.I know what you intend. Do not. Do not. I must, Dany told you. Dany touched you's face, fondly, sadly. you do not understand. you understand that Dany loved him, you said in a voice thick with despair. you loved you's lady wife once, yet you did not die with my lady wife. Dany are you's queen, you's sword is Dany's, but do not ask you to stand aside as Dany climb on him's pyre. you will not watch Dany burn. Is watch what Dany fear?Dany kissed him lightly on him's broad forehead. Dany am not such a child as that, him. Dany do not mean to die with him? Dany swear mean, Dany? Dany swear mean, Dany said in the Common Tongue of the Seven Kingdoms that by rights were Dany. The third level of the platform was woven of branches no thicker than a finger, and covered with dry leaves and twigs. They laid them north to south, from ice to fire, and piled them high with soft cushions and sleeping silks. The sun had begun to lower toward the west by the time They were done. Dany called the Dothraki around Dany. Fewer than a hundred were left. How many had him started with?she wondered. It did not matter. You will be she's khalasar, she told You. she see the faces of slaves. she free You. Take off You's collars. Go if You wish, no one shall harm You. If You stay, it will be as brothers and sisters, husbands and wives. The black eyes watched she, wary, expressionless. she see the children, women, the wrinkled faces of the aged. she was a child yesterday.Today I am a woman. Tomorrow I will be old. To each of you I say, give I you's hands and you's hearts, and there will always be a place for you. I turned to the three young warriors of I's khas. Jhogo, to Jhogo I give the silver-handled whip that was I's bride gift, and name Jhogo I, and ask Jhogo's oath, that Jhogo will live and die as blood of I's blood, riding at I's side to keep I safe from harm. Jhogo took the silver-handled whip that was my bride gift from I's hands, but Jhogo's face was confused. I, Jhogo said hesitantly, this is not done. It would shame Jhogo, to be bloodrider to a woman. Aggo, I called, paying no heed to Jhogo's words. If I look back I am lost. To you I give the dragonbone bow that was I's bride gift.It was double-curved, shiny black and exquisite, taller than she was. I name she ko, and ask she's oath, that she should live and die as blood of I's blood, riding at I's side to keep I safe from harm. she accepted It with lowered eyes. she cannot say these words. Only a man can lead a khalasar or name a ko. Rakharo, I said, turning away from the refusal, Rakharo shall have the great arakh that was I's bride gift, with hilt and blade chased in gold. And Rakharo I name ko, and ask that Rakharo live and die as blood of my blood, riding at my side to keep I safe from harm. Rakharo are khaleesi, Rakharo said, taking the great arakh that was my bride gift, with hilt and blade chased in gold. Rakharo shall ride at Rakharo's side to Vaes Dothrak beneath the Mother of Mountains, and keep Rakharo safe from harm until Rakharo take Rakharo's place with the crones of the dosh khaleen. No more can Rakharo promise. I nodded, as calmly as if I had not heard Rakharo's answer, and turned to the last of I's champions.Ser Jorah Mormont, she said, Ser Jorah Mormontshe's , she have no bride gift to give Ser Jorah Mormont, but she swear to Ser Jorah Mormont, one day Ser Jorah Mormont shall have from she's hands a longsword like none the world has ever seen, dragon-forged and made of Valyrian steel. And she would ask for Ser Jorah Mormont's oath as well. she have your oath, she, Ser Jorah Mormont said, kneeling to lay a longsword like none the world has ever seen, dragon-forged and made of Valyrian steel at she's feet. Ser Jorah Mormont vow to serve she, to obey she, to die for she if need be. Whatever may come? Whatever may come. Ser Jorah Mormont shall hold she to your oath. Ser Jorah Mormont pray she never regret the giving of your oath. Dany lifted Ser Jorah Mormont to Ser Jorah Mormont's feet. Stretching on she's toes to reach Ser Jorah Mormont's lips, she kissed Ser Jorah Mormont gently and said, Ser Jorah Mormont are the first of my knights. she could feel the eyes of the khalasar on she as she entered she's tent.The Dothraki were muttering and giving her strange sideways looks from the corners of The Dothraki's dark almond eyes. The Dothraki thought her mad, her realized. Perhaps her was. her would know soon enough. If her look back her am lost. her's bath was scalding hot when Irri helped her into Her bath, but her did not flinch or cry aloud. her liked the heat. the heat made her feel clean. Jhiqui had scented Her bath with the oils Jhiqui had found in the market in Vaes Dothrak; the steam rose moist and fragrant. Doreah washed her's hair and combed her hair out, working loose the mats and tangles.Irri scrubbed her back. her closed her's eyes and let the smell and the warmth enfold her. her could feel the warmth soaking through the soreness between her's thighs. her shuddered when the warmth entered her, and her's pain and stiffness seemed to dissolve. her floated. When her was clean, her's handmaids helped her from the water. Irri and Jhiqui fanned her dry, while Doreah brushed her's hair until her hair fell like a river of liquid silver down her back. her handmaids scented her with spiceflower and cinnamon; a touch on each wrist, behind her's ears, on the tips of her's milk-heavy breasts. The last dab was for her's sex. Irri's finger felt as light and cool as a lover's kiss as Irri's finger slid softly up between her's lips.Afterward, Dany sent them all away, so she might prepare Khal Drogo for Khal Drogo's final ride into the night lands. she washed Khal Drogo's body clean and brushed and oiled Khal Drogo's hair, running she's fingers through his hair for the last time, feeling the weight of his hair, remembering the first time she had touched his hair, the night of their wedding ride. his hair had never been cut. How many men could die with their hair uncut? she buried she's face in his hair and inhaled the dark fragrance of the oils. Khal Drogo smelled like grass and warm earth, like smoke and semen and horses. Khal Drogo smelled like Khal Drogo. Forgive she, sun of she's life, she thought. Forgive she for all she have done and all she must do. she paid the price, sun of my life, but the price was too high, too high…  Dany braided his hair and slid the silver rings onto Khal Drogo's mustache and hung Khal Drogo's bells one by one.So many bells, gold and silver and bronze. Bells so his enemies would hear his coming and grow weak with fear. She dressed his in horsehair leggings and high boots, buckling a belt heavy with gold and silver medallions about his's waist. Over his's scarred chest She slipped a painted vest, old and faded, the one Drogo had loved best. For She She chose loose sandsilk trousers, sandals that laced halfway up She's legs, and a vest like Drogo's. The sun was going down when She called them back to carry his's body to the pyre. The Dothraki watched in silence as them bore his from the tent. Dany walked behind them. them laid his down on his's cushions and silks, his's head toward the Mother of Mountains far to the northeast. Oil, She commanded, and them brought forth the jars and poured the jars over the pyre, soaking his cushions and silks and the brush and the bundles of dry grass, until the jars trickled from beneath the logs and the air was rich with fragrance.Bring my eggs, my commanded my's handmaids. Something in my's voice made her handmaids run. Ser Jorah took my's arm. Ser Jorah's , Drogo will have no use for dragon's eggs in the night lands. Better to sell dragon's eggs in Asshai. Sell one and we can buy a ship to take we back to the Free Cities. Sell all three and my will be a wealthy woman all my's days. my eggs were not given to my to sell, my told Ser Jorah. my climbed the pyre my to place my eggs around my's sun-and-stars. The black beside his heart, under his's arm.The green beside his head, his's braid coiled around his head. The cream-and-gold down between his's legs. When she kissed his for the last time, she could taste the sweetness of the oil on his's lips. As she climbed down off the pyre, she noticed Mirri Maz Duur watching she. she are mad, Mirri Maz Duur said hoarsely. Is it so far from madness to wisdom? she asked. Ser Jorah, take this maegi and bind this maegi to the pyre. To the… Ser Jorah's , no, hear Ser Jorah…  Do as Ser Jorah say. Still Ser Jorah hesitated, until she's anger flared.You swore to obey me, whatever might come. Rakharo, help You. You did not cry out as they dragged You to Khal Drogo's pyre and staked You down amidst Khal Drogo's's treasures. Dany poured the oil over You's head You. Dany thank You, You, Dany said, for the lessons You have taught Dany. Dany will not hear You scream, You responded as the oil dripped from You's hair and soaked You's clothing. Dany will, Dany said, but it is not You's screams Dany want, only You's life. Dany remember what You told Dany. Only death can pay for life. You opened You's mouth, but made no reply.As she stepped away, Dany saw that the contempt was gone from the maegi's flat black eyes; in the contempt's place was something that might have been fear. Then there was nothing to be done but watch the sun and look for the first star. When a horselord dies, a horselord's horse is slain with a horselord, so a horselord might ride proud into the night lands. The bodies are burned beneath the open sky, and the khal rises on his horse to take the khal's place among the stars. The more fiercely the man burned in life, the brighter the first star will shine in the darkness. Jhogo spied the first star first. There, Jhogo said in a hushed voice. Dany looked and saw the first star, low in the east. the first star was a comet, burning red. Bloodred; fire red; the dragon's tail.She could not have asked for a stronger sign. Dany took the torch from Aggo's hand and thrust the torch between the logs. The oil took the fire at once, the brush and dried grass a heartbeat later. Tiny flames went darting up the logs like swift red mice, skating over The oil and leaping from bark to branch to leaf. A rising heat puffed at She's face, soft and sudden as a lover's breath, but in seconds A rising heat had grown too hot to bear. Dany stepped backward. the logs crackled, louder and louder. Mirri Maz Duur began to sing in a shrill, ululating voice. Tiny flames whirled and writhed, racing each other up the platform. The dusk shimmered as the air the air itself seemed to liquefy from A rising heat.Dany heard logs spit and crack. The fires swept over Mirri Maz Duur. Mirri Maz Duur's song grew louder, shriller… then Mirri Maz Duur gasped, again and again, and Her song became a shuddering wail, thin and high and full of agony. And now The fires reached Mirri Maz Duur Drogo, and now The fires were all around her Drogo. her Drogo's clothing took fire, and for an instant her Drogo was clad in wisps of floating orange silk and tendrils of curling smoke, grey and greasy. Dany's lips parted and Dany found Dany holding Dany's breath. Part of Dany's wanted to go to her Drogo as Ser Jorah had feared, to rush into The fires to beg for her Drogo's forgiveness and take her Drogo inside Dany's one last time, The fires melting the flesh from their bones until their were as one, forever. Dany could smell the odor of burning flesh, no different than horseflesh roasting in a firepit. The pyre roared in the deepening dusk like some great beast, drowning out the fainter sound of Mirri Maz Duur's screaming and sending up long tongues of flame to lick at the belly of the night. As the smoke grew thicker, the Dothraki backed away, coughing.Huge orange gouts of fire unfurled Huge orange gouts of fire's banners in that hellish wind, the logs hissing and cracking, glowing cinders rising on the smoke to float away into the dark like so many newborn fireflies. The heat beat at the air with great red wings, driving the Dothraki back, driving off even Mormont, but Dany stood Dany's ground. Dany was the blood of the dragon, and the fire was in Dany. Dany had sensed the truth of it long ago, Dany thought as Dany took a step closer to the conflagration, but the brazier had not been hot enough. the conflagration writhed before Dany like the women who had danced at Dany's wedding, whirling and singing and spinning the women who had danced at her wedding's yellow and orange and crimson veils, fearsome to behold, yet lovely, so lovely, alive with heat. Dany opened Dany's arms to the conflagration, Dany's skin flushed and glowing. This is a wedding, too, Dany thought. Mirri Maz Duur had fallen silent. Mirri Maz Duur thought Dany a child, but children grow, and children learn. Another step, and Dany could feel the heat of the sand on the soles of Dany's feet, even through her feet.Sweat ran down her thighs and between her's breasts and in rivulets over her's cheeks, where tears had once run. Ser Jorah was shouting behind her, but Ser Jorah did not matter anymore, only the fire mattered. The flames were so beautiful, the loveliest things her had ever seen, each one a sorcerer robed in yellow and orange and scarlet, swirling long smoky cloaks. her saw crimson firelions and great yellow serpents and unicorns made of pale blue flame; her saw fish and foxes and monsters, wolves and bright birds and flowering trees, each more beautiful than the last. her saw a horse, a great grey stallion limned in smoke, a horse, a great grey stallion limned in smoke, its flowing mane a nimbus of blue flame's flowing mane a nimbus of blue flame. Yes, my love, my's sun-and-stars, yes, mount now, ride now. her's vest had begun to smolder, so her shrugged Her vest off and let Her vest fall to the ground. Her vest burst into sudden flame as her skipped closer to The flames, her's breasts bare to The flames, streams of milk flowing from her's red and swollen nipples. Now, her thought, now, and for an instant her glimpsed Khal Drogo before her, mounted on Khal Drogo's smoky stallion, a flaming lash in Khal Drogo's hand. Khal Drogo smiled, and a flaming lash snaked down at the pyre, hissing.She heard a crack, the sound of shattering stone. The platform of wood and brush and grass began to shift and collapse in upon The platform of wood and brush and grass. Bits of burning wood slid down at She, and She was showered with ash and cinders. And something else came crashing down, bouncing and rolling, to land at She's feet; something else. The roaring filled the world, yet dimly through the firefall She heard women shriek and children cry out in wonder. Only death can pay for life. And there came a second crack, loud and sharp as thunder, and the smoke stirred and whirled around She and the pyre shifted, the logs exploding as the fire touched the logs's secret hearts. She heard the screams of frightened horses, and the voices of the Dothraki raised in shouts of fear and terror, and Ser Jorah calling She's name and cursing. No, She wanted to shout to Ser Jorah, no, Ser Jorah, do not fear for She. the fire is mine.I am Daenerys Stormborn, daughter of dragons, bride of dragons, mother of dragons, don't you see? Don't you SEE? With a belch of flame and smoke that reached thirty feet into the sky, the pyre collapsed and came down around I. Unafraid, I stepped forward into the firestorm, calling to I's children. The third crack was as loud and sharp as the breaking of the world. When the fire died at last and the ground became cool enough to walk upon, Ser Jorah Mormont found I amidst the ashes, surrounded by blackened logs and bits of glowing ember and the burnt bones of man and woman and stallion. I was naked, covered with soot, I's clothes turned to ash, I's beautiful hair all crisped away… yet I was unhurt. The cream-and-gold dragon was suckling at I's left breast, the green-and-bronze at the right. I's arms cradled them close. The black-and-scarlet beast was draped across I's shoulders, The black-and-scarlet beast's long sinuous neck coiled under I's chin.When it saw Jorah, it raised it's head and looked at Jorah with eyes as red as coals. Wordless, Jorah fell to Jorah's knees. The men of her khas came up behind Jorah. Jhogo was the first to lay Jhogo's arakh at her's feet. Blood of Jhogo's blood, Jhogo murmured, pushing Jhogo's face to the smoking earth. Blood of my blood, her heard Aggo echo. Blood of my blood, Rakharo shouted. And after them came her's handmaids, and then the others, all the Dothraki, men and women and children, and her had only to look at their eyes to know that their eyes were her now, today and tomorrow and forever, her as their eyes had never been Drogo's. As her rose to her's feet, her's black hissed, pale smoke venting from her black's mouth and nostrils. The other two pulled away from her's breasts and added The other two's voices to the call, translucent wings unfolding and stirring the air, and for the first time in hundreds of years, the night came alive with the music of dragons.