 Arya's stitches were crooked again. Arya's frowned down at Arya's stitches with dismay and glanced over to where Arya's's sister Sansa sat among the other girls. her sister Sansa's needlework was exquisite. Everyone said so. Sansa's needlework is as pretty as her sister Sansa is, Septa Mordane told their lady mother once. her sister Sansa has such fine, delicate hands. When their lady mother had asked about Arya's, Septa Mordane had sniffed. Arya's has the hands of a blacksmith. Arya's glanced furtively across the room, worried that Septa Mordane might have read Arya's's thoughts, but Septa Mordane was paying Arya's no attention today. Septa Mordane was sitting with the Princess Myrcella, all smiles and admiration. It was not often that Septa Mordane was privileged to instruct a royal princess in the womanly arts, as Septa Mordane had said when the Princess Myrcella brought the Princess Myrcella to join them. Arya's thought that the Princess Myrcella's looked a little crooked too, but you would never know looked from the way Septa Mordane was cooing. Arya's studied Arya's's own work again, looking for some way to salvage her own work, then sighed and put down the needle.She looked glumly at She's sister. Sansa was chatting away happily as Sansa worked. Beth Cassel, Ser Rodrik's little girl, was sitting by Sansa's feet, listening to every word Sansa said, and Jeyne Poole was leaning over to whisper something in Sansa's ear. What are Sansa talking about? Arya asked suddenly. Jeyne Poole gave Arya a startled look, then giggled. Sansa looked abashed. Beth Cassel, Ser Rodrik's little girl, blushed. No one answered. Tell Arya, Arya said. Jeyne Poole glanced over to make certain that Septa Mordane was not listening. Myrcella said something then, and Septa Mordane laughed along with the rest of the ladies. Sansa were talking about the prince, Sansa said, Sansa's voice soft as a kiss.Arya knew which prince she meant: Jofftey, of course. Jofftey Sansa got to sit with Jofftey at the feast. Arya had to sit with the little fat one. Naturally. Jofftey likes Arya's sister, Jeyne whispered, proud as if your sister had something to do with it. your sister was the daughter of Winterfell's steward and Sansa's dearest friend. Jofftey told your sister your sister was very beautiful. Jofftey's going to marry your sister, the little fat one said dreamily, hugging the little fat one. Then Sansa will be queen of all the realm. Sansa had the grace to blush. Sansa blushed prettily. Sansa did everything prettily, Arya thought with dull resentment.Beth, Beth shouldn't make up stories, Sansa corrected Beth, gently stroking Beth's hair to take the harshness out of Sansa's words. Sansa looked at Arya. What did Arya think of Prince Joff, Arya? Prince Joff's very gallant, don't Arya think? Jon says Prince Joff looks like a girl, Arya said. Sansa sighed as Sansa stitched. Jon, Sansa said. Jon gets jealous because Jon's a bastard. Jon's our brother, Arya said, much too loudly. Arya's voice cut through the afternoon quiet of the tower room. Septa Mordane raised Septa Mordane's eyes. Septa Mordane had a bony face, sharp eyes, and a thin lipless mouth made for frowning. a thin lipless mouth made for frowning was frowning now.What are you talking about, children? Our half brother, Sansa corrected, soft and precise. Sansa smiled for the septa. Arya and Sansa were remarking on how pleased Arya and I were to have the princess with Arya and I today, Sansa said. the septa nodded. Indeed. A great honor for us all. the princess smiled uncertainly at the compliment. Arya, why aren't Arya at work? the septa asked. the septa rose to the septa's feet, starched skirts rustling as the septa started across the room. Let the septa see Arya's stitches. Arya wanted to scream.It was just like Sansa to go and attract the septa's attention. Here, Sansa said, surrendering up Sansa's work. the septa's examined the fabric. Arya, Arya, Arya, the septa's said. This will not do. This will not do at all. Everyone was looking at Arya. It was too much. Sansa was too well bred to smile at Arya's disgrace, but Jeyne was smirking on Arya's behalf. Even Princess Myrcella looked sorry for Arya. Arya felt tears filling Arya's eyes. Arya pushed Arya out of Arya's chair and bolted for the door. the septa's called after Arya.Arya, come back here! Don't Arya take another step! Arya's lady mother will hear of this. In front of our royal princess too! Arya'll shame us all! Arya stopped at the door and turned back, biting Arya's lip. The tears were running down Arya's cheeks now. Arya managed a stiff little bow to Your lady mother. By Your lady mother's leave, Your lady mother. Your lady mother blinked at Arya and looked to Your lady mother's ladies for guidance. But if Your lady mother was uncertain, Septa Mordane was not. Just where do Arya think Arya are going, Arya? Septa Mordane demanded.Arya glared at her. Arya have to go shoe a horse, Arya said sweetly, taking a brief satisfaction in the shock on her's face. Then Arya whirled and made Arya's exit, running down the steps as fast as Arya's feet would take Arya. It wasn't fair. her had everything. her was two years older; maybe by the time Arya had been born, there had been nothing left. Often it felt that way. her could sew and dance and sing. her wrote poetry. her knew how to dress. her played the high harp and the bells. Worse, her was beautiful. her had gotten their mother's fine high cheekbones and the thick auburn hair of the Tullys.Arya took after their lord father. Arya's hair was a lusterless brown, and Arya's face was long and solemn. Jeyne used to call Arya Arya Horseface, and neigh whenever Arya came near. It hurt that the one thing Arya could do better than Jeyne was ride a horse. Well, ride and manage a household. Sansa had never had much of a head for figures. If Sansa did marry Prince Joff, Arya hoped for Prince Joff's sake that Prince Joff had a good steward. Nymeria was waiting for Arya in the guardroom at the base of the stairs. Nymeria bounded to Nymeria's feet as soon as Nymeria caught sight of Arya. Arya grinned. Nymeria loved Arya, even if no one else did. They went everywhere together, and Nymeria slept in Arya's room, at the foot of Arya's bed. If Sansa had not forbidden it, Arya would gladly have taken Nymeria with Arya to needlework.Let Septa Mordane complain about Septa Mordane's stitches then. Nymeria nipped eagerly at Nymeria's hand as Nymeria untied Nymeria. Nymeria had yellow eyes. When yellow eyes caught the sunlight, yellow eyes gleamed like two golden coins. Nymeria had named Nymeria after the warrior queen of the Rhoyne, who had led the warrior queen of the Rhoyne, who had led her people across the narrow sea's people across the narrow sea. named had been a great scandal too. Sansa, of course, had named Sansa pup Lady. Nymeria made a face and hugged Nymeria tight. Nymeria licked Nymeria's ear, and Nymeria giggled. By now Septa Mordane would certainly have sent word to Septa Mordane's lady mother. If Nymeria went to Nymeria's room, they would find Nymeria. Nymeria did not care to be found.She had a better notion. The boys were at practice in the yard. She wanted to see Robb put gallant Prince Joffrey flat on Robb's back. Come, She whispered to Nymeria. Nymeria got up and ran, Nymeria coming hard at Nymeria's heels. There was a window in the covered bridge between the armory and the Great Keep where you had a view of the yard. a window in the covered bridge between the armory and the Great Keep where you had a view of the whole yard was where they headed. they arrived, flushed and breathless, to find Jon seated on the sill, one leg drawn up languidly to Jon's chin. Jon was watching the action, so absorbed that Jon seemed unaware of Nymeria's approach until Jon's moved to meet they. Nymeria stalked closer on wary feet. Ghost, already larger than Ghost, already larger than his litter mates,'s litter mates, smelled Nymeria, gave Nymeria ear a careful nip, and settled back down. Jon gave Nymeria a curious look.Shouldn't you be working on you's stitches, you? you made a face at him. you wanted to see them fight. him smiled. Come here, then. you climbed up on the window and sat beside him, to a chorus of thuds and grunts from the yard below. To you's disappointment, it was the younger boys drilling. Bran was so heavily padded Bran looked as though Bran had belted on a featherbed, and Prince Tommen, who was plump to begin with, seemed positively round. They were huffing and puffing and hitting at each other with padded wooden swords under the watchful eye of old Ser Rodrik Cassel, the master-at-arms, a great stout keg of a man with magnificent white cheek whiskers. A dozen spectators, man and boy, were calling out encouragement, Robb's voice the loudest among A dozen spectators, man and boy,. you spotted Theon Greyjoy beside Robb's, Theon Greyjoy's black doublet emblazoned with the golden kraken of Theon Greyjoy's House, a look of wry contempt on Theon Greyjoy's face. them were staggering.Arya judged that they had been at it awhile. A shade more exhausting than needlework, Jon observed. A shade more fun than needlework, Arya gave back at Jon. Jon grinned, reached over, and messed up Arya's hair. Arya flushed. They had always been close. Jon had They's father's face, as Arya did. They were the only ones. Robb and Sansa and Bran and even little Rickon all took after the Tullys, with easy smiles and fire in Robb and Sansa and Bran and even little Rickon all's hair. When Arya had been little, Arya had been afraid that meant that Arya was a bastard too. It been Jon Arya had gone to in Arya's fear, and Jon who had reassured Arya. Why aren't Jon down in the yard?Arya asked him. him gave Arya a half smile. Bastards are not allowed to damage young princes, him said. Any bruises young princes take in the practice yard must come from trueborn swords. Oh. Arya felt abashed. Arya should have realized. For the second time today, Arya reflected that life was not fair. Arya watched Arya's little brother whack at Tommen. Arya could do just as good as Tommen, Arya said. her little brother's only seven. Arya'm nine.Jon looked her over with all Jon's fourteen-year-old wisdom. her're too skinny, Jon said. Jon took her's arm to feel her's muscle. Then Jon sighed and shook Jon's head. Jon doubt her could even lift a longsword, her, never mind swing one. her snatched back her arm and glared at Jon. Jon messed up her's hair again. They watched Bran and Tommen circle each other. her see Prince Joffrey? Jon asked. her hadn't, not at first glance, but when her looked again her found Prince Joffrey to the back, under the shade of the high stone wall. Prince Joffrey was surrounded by men her did not recognize, young squires in the livery of Lannister and Baratheon, strangers all.There were a few older men among them; knights, she surmised. Look at the arms on his surcoat, Jon suggested. she looked. An ornate shield had been embroidered on his surcoat. No doubt the needlework was exquisite. the arms on his surcoat were divided down the middle; on one side was the crowned stag of the royal House, on the other the lion of Lannister. The Lannisters are proud, Jon observed. You'd think the royal sigil would be sufficient, but no. his makes his's mother's House equal in honor to the king's. his mother's is important too! she protested. Jon chuckled.Perhaps you should do the same thing, you. Wed Tully to Stark in you's arms. A wolf with a fish in A wolf with a fish in its mouth?'s mouth? It made you laugh. A wolf with a fish in its mouth? would look silly. Besides, if a girl can't fight, why should a girl have a coat of arms? Jon shrugged. Girls get the arms but not the swords. Bastards get the swords but not the arms. Jon did not make the rules, you. There was a shout from the courtyard below. Prince Tommen was rolling in the dust, trying to get up and failing.All the padding made him look like a turtle on a turtle on its back's back. Bran was standing over him with upraised wooden sword, ready to whack him again once him regained him's feet. The men began to laugh. Enough! Ser Rodrik called out. Ser Rodrik gave him a hand and yanked him back to him's feet. Well fought. Lew, Donnis, help him out of him's armor. Ser Rodrik looked around. Prince Joffrey, Robb, will Prince Joffrey, Robb go another round? Robb, moved forward eagerly. Gladly.Joffrey moved into the sunlight in response to Rodrik's summons. Joffrey's hair shone like spun gold. Joffrey looked bored. This is a game for children, Rodrik's. Theon Greyjoy gave a sudden bark of laughter. You are children, Theon Greyjoy said derisively. Robb may be a child, Joffrey said. Joffrey am a prince. And Joffrey grow tired of swatting at Starks with a play sword. Joffrey got more swats than Joffrey gave, Joffrey, Robb said. Are Joffrey afraid? Joffrey looked at Robb.Oh, terrified, he said. You're so much older. Some of the Lannister men laughed. Jon looked down on the scene with a frown. he is truly a little shit, Jon told Arya. Ser Rodrik tugged thoughtfully at Ser Rodrik's white whiskers. What are Jon suggesting? Ser Rodrik asked Jon. Live steel. Done, Jon shot back. You'll be sorry! Ser Rodrik put a hand on Jon's shoulder to quiet Jon.Live steel is too dangerous. I will permit you tourney swords, with blunted edges. Joffrey said nothing, but a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on his face's face, pushed forward in front of Joffrey. Joffrey is your prince. Who are you to tell Joffrey Joffrey may not have an edge on Joffrey's sword, you? Master-at-arms of Winterfell, Clegane, and you would do well not to forget it. Are you training women here? a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on his face wanted to know. a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on his face was muscled like a bull. you am training knights, you said pointedly. knights will have steel when knights are ready. When knights are of an age.The burned man looked at Robb. How old are Robb, Robb? Fourteen, Robb said. Robb killed a man at twelve. The burned man can be sure killed was not with a blunt sword. Arya could see Robb bristle. Robb's pride was wounded. Robb turned on Ser Rodrik. Let Robb do it. Robb can beat Robb. Beat Robb with a tourney blade, then, Ser Rodrik said. Ser Rodrik shrugged.Come and see me when you're older, Stark. If you're not too old. There was laughter from the Lannister men. Robb's curses rang through the yard. Arya covered Arya's mouth in shock. Theon Greyjoy seized Robb's's arm to keep Robb's away from me. Ser Rodrik tugged at Ser Rodrik's whiskers in dismay. me feigned a yawn and turned to me's younger brother. Come, his younger brother, me said. The hour of play is done. Leave the children to the children's frolics. That brought more laughter from the Lannister men, more curses from Robb's.Ser Rodrik's face was beet-red with fury under the white of Ser Rodrik's's whiskers. Theon kept Robb locked in an iron grip until the princes and the princes's party were safely away. Theon watched the princes and their party leave, and Arya watched Theon. Theon's face had grown as still as the pool at the heart of the godswood. Finally Theon climbed down off the window. The show is done, Theon said. Theon bent to scratch Ghost behind the ears. Ghost rose and rubbed against Theon. Arya had best run back to Arya's room, Arya. Septa Mordane will surely be lurking. The longer Arya hide, the sterner the penance. Arya'll be sewing all through winter.When the spring thaw comes, they will find your body with a needle still locked tight between your's frozen fingers. your didn't think it was funny. your hate needlework! your said with passion. needlework's not fair! Nothing is fair, Jon said. Jon messed up your's hair again and walked away from your, Ghost moving silently beside Jon. Nymeria started to follow too, then stopped and came back when Nymeria saw that your was not coming. Reluctantly Nymeria turned in the other direction. It was worse than Jon had thought. It wasn't Septa Mordane waiting in your's room. It was Septa Mordane and Septa Mordane's mother.