  The hunt left at dawn. The king wanted wild boar at the feast tonight. Prince Joffrey rode with The king, so Robb had been allowed to join  The hunt as well. Uncle Benjen, Jory, Theon Greyjoy, Ser Rodrik, and even the queen's funny little brother had all ridden out with  The hunt.  The hunt was the last hunt, after all. On the morrow  The hunt left for the south. Bran had been left behind with Jon and the girls and Rickon. But Rickon was only a baby and the girls were only girls and Jon and even the queen's funny little brother were nowhere to be found. Bran did not look for Jon very hard. Bran thought Jon was angry at Bran. Jon seemed to be angry at everyone these days. Bran did not know why. Bran was going with Uncle Benjen to the Wall, to join the Night's Watch.That was almost as good as going south with the king. Robb was the one they were leaving behind, not Jon. For days, Bran could scarcely wait to be off. Bran was going to ride the kingsroad on a horse of Bran's own, not a pony but a real horse. Bran's father would be the Hand of the king, and they were going to live in the red castle at the king's Landing, the castle the Dragonlords had built. Old Nan said there were ghosts there, and dungeons where terrible things had been done, and dragon heads on the walls. It gave Bran a shiver just to think of the red castle at King's Landing, the castle the Dragonlords had built, but Bran was not afraid. How could Bran be afraid? His father would be with Bran, and the king with all the king's knights and sworn swords. Bran was going to be a knight Bran someday, one of the Kingsguard. Old Nan said the Kingsguard were the finest swords in all the realm. There were only seven of the Kingsguard, and only seven of them wore white armor and had no wives or children, but lived only to serve the king. Bran knew all the stories.Their names were like music to him. Serwyn of the Mirror Shield. Ser Ryam Redwyne. Prince Aemon the Dragonknight. The twins Ser Erryk and Ser Arryk, who had died on one another's swords hundreds of years ago, when brother fought sister in the war the singers called the Dance of the Dragons. The White Bull, Gerold Hightower. Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Barristan the Bold. Two of the Kingsguard had come north with King Robert. Bran had watched Two of the Kingsguard with fascination, never quite daring to speak to Two of the Kingsguard. Ser Boros was a bald man with a jowly face, and Ser Meryn had droopy eyes and a beard the color of rust. Ser Jaime Lannister looked more like the knights in the stories, and Ser Jaime Lannister was of the Kingsguard too, but Robb said Ser Jaime Lannister had killed King Robert and shouldn't count anymore. The greatest living knight was Ser Barristan Selmy, Barristan the Bold, the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.Father had promised that they would meet Ser Barristan when they reached King's Landing, and Bran had been marking the days on Bran's wall, eager to depart, to see a world Bran had only dreamed of and begin a life Bran could scarcely imagine. Yet now that the last day was at hand, suddenly Bran felt lost. Winterfell had been the only home Bran had ever known. Bran's father had told Bran that Bran ought to say Bran's farewells today, and Bran had tried. After the hunt had ridden out, Bran wandered through Winterfell with Bran's wolf at Bran's side, intending to visit the ones who would be left behind, Old Nan and Gage the cook, Mikken in Mikken in his smithy's smithy, Hodor the stableboy who smiled so much and took care of Bran's pony and never said anything but BranBran Bran …  But it was no good. Bran had gone to the stable first, and seen his pony there in his pony's stall, except his pony wasn't his pony anymore, Bran was getting a real horse and leaving his pony behind, and all of a sudden Bran just wanted to sit down and cry. Bran turned and ran off before Bran and the other stableboys could see the tears in Bran's eyes. That was the end of his farewells. Instead Bran spent the morning alone in the godswood, trying to teach his wolf to fetch a stick, and failing. his wolf was smarter than any of the hounds in His father's kennel and Bran would have sworn his wolf understood every word that was said to his wolf, but his wolf showed very little interest in chasing sticks. Bran was still trying to decide on a name. Robb was calling Robb's Grey Wind, because Robb ran so fast. Sansa had named Sansa Lady, and Arya named Arya after some old witch queen in the songs, and little Rickon called little Rickon's Shaggydog, which Bran thought was a pretty stupid name for a direwolf.Jon's wolf, the white one, was Ghost. Bran wished Bran had thought of was first, even though Jon's wolf, the white one wasn't white. Bran had tried a hundred names in the last fortnight, but none of a hundred names sounded right. Finally Bran got tired of the stick game and decided to go climbing. Bran hadn't been up to the broken tower for weeks with everything that had happened, and this might be Bran's last chance. Bran raced across the godswood, taking the long way around to avoid the pool where the heart tree grew. the heart tree had always frightened Bran; trees ought not have eyes, Bran thought, or leaves that looked like hands. Jon's wolf, the white one came sprinting at Bran's heels. Jon's wolf, the white one stay here, Bran told Jon's wolf, the white one at the base of the sentinel tree near the armory wall. Lie down. That's right. Now stay—  Jon's wolf, the white one did as Jon's wolf, the white one was told. Bran scratched Jon's wolf, the white one behind the ears, then turned away, jumped, grabbed a low branch, and pulled Bran up.He was halfway up the tree, moving easily from limb to limb, when the wolf got to the wolf's feet and began to howl. He looked back down. He's fell silent, staring up at He through slitted yellow eyes. A strange chill went through He. He began to climb again. Once more the wolf howled. Quiet, He yelled. Sit down. Stay. the wolf're worse than Mother. howled chased He all the way up the tree, until finally He jumped off onto the armory roof and out of sight. The rooftops of Winterfell were He's second home. Mother often said that He could climb before He could walk.Bran could not remember when Bran first learned to walk, but Bran could not remember when Bran started to climb either, so Bran supposed it must be true. To a boy, Winterfell was a grey stone labyrinth of walls and towers and courtyards and tunnels spreading out in all directions. In the older parts of Winterfell, the halls slanted up and down so that you couldn't even be sure what floor you were on. Winterfell had grown over the centuries like some monstrous stone tree, Maester Luwin told Bran once, and Winterfell's branches were gnarled and thick and twisted, Winterfell's roots sunk deep into the earth. When Bran got out from under Winterfell and scrambled up near the sky, Bran could see Winterfell in a glance. Bran liked the way Winterfell looked, spread out beneath Bran, only birds wheeling over Bran's head while all the life of Winterfell went on below. Bran could perch for hours among the shapeless, rain-worn gargoyles that brooded over the First Keep, watching it all: the men drilling with wood and steel in the yard, the cooks tending the cooks's vegetables in the glass garden, restless dogs running back and forth in the kennels, the silence of the godswood, the girls gossiping beside the washing well. It made Bran feel like Bran was lord of Winterfell, in a way even Robb would never know. It taught Bran Winterfell's secrets too. The builders had not even leveled the earth; there were hills and valleys behind the walls of Winterfell. There was a covered bridge that went from the fourth floor of the bell tower across to the second floor of the rookery. Bran knew about a covered bridge that went from the fourth floor of the bell tower across to the second floor of the rookery. And Bran knew you could get inside the walls of Winterfell by the south gate, climb three floors and run all the way around Winterfell through a narrow tunnel in the stone, and then come out on ground level at the north gate, with a hundred feet of wall looming over you.Even Maester Luwin didn't know that, Bran was convinced. Bran's mother was terrified that one day Bran would slip off a wall and kill Bran. Bran told His mother that Bran wouldn't, but His mother never believed Bran. Once His mother made Bran promise that Bran would stay on the ground. Bran had managed to keep that promise for almost a fortnight, miserable every day, until one night Bran had gone out the window of Bran's bedroom when Bran's brothers were fast asleep. Bran confessed gone the next day in a fit of guilt. Lord Eddard ordered Bran to the godswood to cleanse Bran. Guards were posted to see that Bran remained there alone all night to reflect on Bran's disobedience. The next morning Bran was nowhere to be seen. Guards finally found Bran fast asleep in the upper branches of the tallest sentinel in the godswood. As angry as Bran was, Lord Eddard could not help but laugh. Bran're not Lord Eddard's son, Lord Eddard told Bran when Guards fetched Bran down, Bran're a squirrel.So be it. If you must climb, then climb, but try not to let you's mother see you. you did you's best, although you did not think you ever really fooled your mother. Since you's father would not forbid it, your mother turned to others. Old Nan told you a story about a bad little boy who climbed too high and was struck down by lightning, and how afterward the crows came to peck out a bad little boy who climbed too high and was struck down by lightning's eyes. you was not impressed. There were crows' nests atop the broken tower, where no one ever went but you, and sometimes you filled you's pockets with corn before you climbed up there and the crows ate corn right out of you's hand. None of the crows had ever shown the slightest bit of interest in pecking out his eyes. Later, Maester Luwin built a little pottery boy and dressed a little pottery boy in you's clothes and flung a little pottery boy off the wall into the yard below, to demonstrate what would happen to you if you fell. That had been fun, but afterward you just looked at Maester Luwin and said, you'm not made of clay. And anyhow, you never fall. Then for a while the guards would chase you whenever the guards saw you on the roofs, and try to haul you down.That was the best time of all. It was like playing a game with his brothers, except that his always won. None of his brothers could climb half so well as his, not even Jory. Most of the time his brothers never saw his anyway. People never looked up. That was another thing his liked about climbing; climbing was almost like being invisible. his liked how it felt too, pulling his up a wall stone by stone, fingers and toes digging hard into the small crevices between. his always took off his's boots and went barefoot when his climbed; went made his feel as if his had four hands instead of two. his liked the deep, sweet ache went left in the muscles afterward. his liked the way the air tasted way up high, sweet and cold as a winter peach. his liked the birds: the crows in the broken tower, the tiny little sparrows that nested in cracks between the stones, the ancient owl that slept in the dusty loft above the old armory. his knew the birds.Most of all, he liked going places that no one else could go, and seeing the grey sprawl of Winterfell in a way that no one else ever saw the grey sprawl of Winterfell. seeing made Winterfell he's secret place. he's favorite haunt was the broken tower. Once the broken tower had been a watchtower, the tallest in Winterfell. A long time ago, a hundred years before even he's father had been born, a lightning strike had set the broken tower afire. The top third of the broken tower had collapsed inward, and the broken tower had never been rebuilt. Sometimes even his father sent ratters into the base of the broken tower, to clean out the nests ratters always found among the jumble of fallen stones and charred and rotten beams. But no one ever got up to the jagged top of the broken tower now except for he and the crows. he knew two ways to get there. You could climb straight up the side of the broken tower, but the stones were loose, the mortar that held the stones together long gone to ash, and he never liked to put he's full weight on the stones. The best way was to start from the godswood, shinny up the tall sentinel, and cross over the armory and the guards hall, leaping roof to roof, barefoot so the guards wouldn't hear you overhead. That brought you up to the blind side of the First Keep, the oldest part of Winterfell, a squat round fortress that was taller than the First Keep, the oldest part of the castle, a squat round fortress that was taller than it looked looked.Only rats and spiders lived there now but the old stones still made for good climbing. You could go straight up to where the gargoyles leaned out blindly over empty space, and swing from gargoyle to gargoyle, hand over hand, around to the north side. From there, if you really stretched, you could reach out and pull yourself over to the broken tower where the broken tower where it leaned close leaned close. The last part was the scramble up the blackened stones to the eyrie, no more than ten feet, and then the crows would come round to see if you'd brought any corn. Bran was moving from gargoyle to gargoyle with the ease of long practice when Bran heard the voices. Bran was so startled Bran almost lost Bran's grip. The First Keep had been empty all Bran's life. I do not like it, I was saying. There was a row of windows beneath Bran, and I was drifting out of the last window on this side. Bran should be the Hand. Gods forbid, a man's voice replied lazily. be's not an honor a man's'd want.There's far too much work involved. Bran hung, listening, suddenly afraid to go on. They might glimpse Bran's feet if Bran tried to swing by. Don't Bran see the danger this puts They in? the woman said. Robert loves the man like a brother. Robert can barely stomach Robert's brothers. Not that the woman blame Robert. Stannis would be enough to give anyone indigestion. Don't play the fool. Stannis and Renly are one thing, and Eddard Stark is quite another. Robert will listen to Eddard Stark.Damn them both. I should have insisted that he name you, but I was certain Stark would refuse he. We ought to count We fortunate, the man said. he might as easily have named one of he's brothers, or even Littlefinger, gods help We. Give the man honorable enemies rather than ambitious ones, and the man'll sleep more easily by night. We were talking about he, Bran realized. Bran wanted to hear more. A few more feet… but We would see Bran if Bran swung out in front of the window. We will have to watch Bran carefully, the woman said. the man would sooner watch the woman, the man said. the man sounded bored. Come back here.Lord Eddard has never taken any interest in anything that happened south of the Neck, the woman said. Never. the woman tell you, Lord Eddard means to move against us. Why else would Lord Eddard leave the seat of Lord Eddard's power? A hundred reasons. Duty. Honor. Lord Eddard yearns to write Lord Eddard's name large across the book of history, to get away from Lord Eddard's wife, or both. Perhaps Lord Eddard just wants to be warm for once in Lord Eddard's life. his wife is Lady Arryn's sister. It's a wonder Lysa was not here to greet us with Lysa's accusations. you looked down.There was a narrow ledge beneath the window, only a few inches wide. He tried to lower He toward a narrow ledge beneath the window, only a few inches wide. Too far. He would never reach. You fret too much. Lysa Arryn is a frightened cow. Lysa Arryn shared Jon Arryn's bed. If Lysa Arryn knew anything, Lysa Arryn would have gone to Robert before Lysa Arryn fled King's Landing. When Jon Arryn's had already agreed to foster that weakling son of Lysa Arryn at Casterly Rock? I think not. Lysa Arryn knew that weakling son of hers's life would be hostage to Lysa Arryn's silence. Lysa Arryn may grow bolder now that that weakling son of hers's safe atop the Eyrie.Mothers. The man made the word sound like a curse. The man think birthing does something to your minds. your are all mad. The man laughed. laughed was a bitter sound. Let Lady Arryn grow as bold as Lady Arryn likes. Whatever Lady Arryn knows, whatever Lady Arryn thinks Lady Arryn knows, Lady Arryn has no proof. The man paused a moment. Or does Lady Arryn? Do The man think the king will require proof? Lady Arryn said.I tell you, he loves I not. And whose fault is loves, I? Bran studied the ledge. Bran could drop down. the ledge was too narrow to land on, but if Bran could catch hold as Bran fell past, pull Bran up… except that might make a noise, draw them to the window. Bran was not sure what Bran was hearing, but Bran knew it was not meant for Bran's ears. Bran are as blind as Robert, I was saying. If I mean Bran see the same thing, yes, Bran said. Bran see a man who would sooner die than betray a man who would sooner die than betray his king's king. a man who would sooner die than betray his king betrayed one already, or have Bran forgotten? I said. Oh, Bran don't deny a man who would sooner die than betray his king's loyal to Robert, 's's obvious.What happens when Robert dies and Joff takes the throne? And the sooner takes comes to pass, the safer we'll all be. Joff grows more restless every day. Having Stark beside Joff will only make Joff worse. Joff's still in love with the sister, the insipid little dead sixteen-year-old. How long till Joff decides to put My aside for some new Lyanna? Bran was suddenly very frightened. Bran wanted nothing so much as to go back the way Bran had come, to find Bran's brothers. Only what would Bran tell his brothers? Bran had to get closer, Bran realized. Bran had to see who was talking. The man sighed.You should think less about the future and more about the pleasures at hand. Stop that! the woman said. Bran heard the sudden slap of flesh on flesh, then the man's laughter. Bran pulled Bran up, climbed over the gargoyle, crawled out onto the roof. This was the easy way. Bran moved across the roof to the next gargoyle, right above the window of the room where they were talking. All this talk is getting very tiresome, the woman, the man's said. Come here and be quiet. Bran sat astride the next gargoyle, tightened Bran's legs around the next gargoyle, and swung Bran around, upside down. Bran hung by his legs and slowly stretched Bran's head down toward the window of the room where they were talking. The world looked strange upside down.A courtyard swam dizzily below him, A courtyard's stones still wet with melted snow. him looked in the window. Inside the room, a man and a woman were wrestling. a man and a woman were both naked. him could not tell who a man and a woman were. a man's back was to him, and a man's body screened a woman from view as a man pushed a woman up against a wall. There were soft, wet sounds. him realized a man and a woman were kissing. him watched, wide-eyed and frightened, him's breath tight in him's throat. a man had a hand down between a woman's legs, and a man must have been hurting a woman there, because a woman started to moan, low in a woman's throat. Stop it, a woman said, stop it, stop it. Oh, please… But a woman's voice was low and weak, and a woman did not push a man away.Her hands buried Her hands in his hair, his hair, and pulled his's face down to Her's breast. Bran saw Her's face. Her's eyes were closed and Her's mouth was open, moaning. Her's golden hair swung from side to side as Her's head moved back and forth, but still Bran recognized Her. Bran must have made a noise. Suddenly Her eyes opened, and Her was staring right at Bran. Her screamed. Everything happened at once then. ‘ Her pushed his away wildly, shouting and pointing. Bran tried to pull Bran up, bending double as Bran reached for the gargoyle. Bran was in too much of a hurry. Bran's hand scraped uselessly across smooth stone, and in Bran's panic Bran's legs slipped, and suddenly Bran was failing.There was an instant of vertigo, a sickening lurch as the window flashed past. He shot out a hand, grabbed for the ledge, lost a hand, caught a hand again with He's other hand. He swung against the building, hard. The impact took the breath out of He. He dangled, one-handed, panting. Faces appeared in the window above He. The queen. And now He recognized the man beside The queen.. They looked as much alike as reflections in a mirror. He saw us, The queen. said shrilly. So He did, the man beside her said. He's fingers started to slip.He grabbed the ledge with He's other hand. Fingernails dug into unyielding stone. He reached down. Take He's hand, He said. Before He fall. He seized He's arm and held on tight with all He's strength. He yanked He up to the ledge. What are He doing? the woman demanded. He ignored the woman. He was very strong. He stood He up on the sill.How old are you, you? Seven, you said, shaking with relief. you's fingers had dug deep gouges in the man's forearm. you let go sheepishly. the man's looked over at the woman. The things the man's do for love, the man's said with loathing. the man's gave you a shove. Screaming, you went backward out the window into empty air. There was nothing to grab on to. The courtyard rushed up to meet you. Somewhere off in the distance, a wolf was howling. Crows circled the broken tower, waiting for corn.