 Somewhere in the great stone maze of Winterfell, a wolf howled. howled hung over Winterfell like a flag of mourning. Tyrion Lannister looked up from Tyrion Lannister's books and shivered, though the library was snug and warm. Something about the howling of a wolf took a man right out of a man's here and now and left a man in a dark forest of the mind, running naked before the pack. When a wolf howled again, Tyrion Lannister shut the heavy leatherbound cover on the book Tyrion Lannister was reading, a hundred-year-old discourse on the changing of the seasons by a long-dead maester. Tyrion Lannister covered a yawn with the back of Tyrion Lannister's hand. Tyrion Lannister's reading lamp was flickering, His reading lamp's oil all but gone, as dawn light leaked through the high windows. Tyrion Lannister had been at it all night, but been was nothing new. Tyrion Lannister was not much a one for sleeping.His legs were stiff and sore as His eased down off the bench. His massaged some life back into His legs and limped heavily to the table where the septon was snoring softly, the septon's head pillowed on an open book in front of the septon. His glanced at the title. A life of the Grand Maester Aethelmure, no wonder. Chayle, His said softly. Chayle jerked up, blinking, confused, the crystal of Chayle's order swinging wildly on the crystal of his order's silver chain. His'm off to break His's fast. See that you return the books to the shelves. Be gentle with the Valyrian scrolls, the parchment is very dry.Ayrmidon's Engines of War is quite rare, and yours is the only complete copy I've ever seen. yours gaped at I, still half-asleep. Patiently, I repeated I's instructions, then clapped yours on the shoulder and left yours to yours's tasks. Outside, I swallowed a lungful of the cold morning air and began I's laborious descent of the steep stone steps that corkscrewed around the exterior of the library tower. his laborious descent of the steep stone steps that corkscrewed around the exterior of the library tower was slow going; the steep stone steps that corkscrewed around the exterior of the library tower were cut high and narrow, while I's legs were short and twisted. The rising sun had not yet cleared the walls of Winterfell, but the men were already hard at it in the yard below. Sandor Clegane's rasping voice drifted up to I. The boy is a long time dying. Sandor Clegane's wish The boy would be quicker about it.Tyrion glanced down and saw the Hound standing with young Joffrey as squires swarmed around them. At least the Hound dies quietly, Tyrion replied. It's the wolf that makes the noise. Tyrion could scarce sleep last night. Clegane cast a long shadow across the hard-packed earth as Clegane's squire lowered the black helm over Clegane's head. Clegane could silence the wolf, if it please Tyrion, Clegane said through Clegane's open visor. young Joffrey placed a longsword in Clegane's hand. Clegane tested the weight of a longsword, slicing at the cold morning air. Behind Clegane, the yard rang to the clangor of steel on steel.The notion seemed to delight the prince. Send a dog to kill a dog! the prince exclaimed. Winterfell is so infested with wolves, the Starks would never miss one. Tyrion hopped off the last step onto the yard. Tyrion beg to differ, the prince, Tyrion said. the Starks can count past six. Unlike some princes Tyrion might name. the prince had the grace at least to blush.A voice from nowhere, Sandor said. Sandor peered through Sandor's helm, looking this way and that. Spirits of the air! The prince laughed, as The prince always laughed when The prince's bodyguard did this mummer's farce. Tyrion was used to this mummer's farce. Down here. Sandor peered down at the ground, and pretended to notice Tyrion. Tyrion, Sandor said. Sandor's pardons.I did not see you standing there. I am in no mood for you's insolence today. I turned to I's nephew. his nephew, it is past time his nephew called on Lord Eddard and Lord Eddard's lady, to offer Lord Eddard and his lady his nephew's comfort. his nephew looked as petulant as only a boy prince can look. What good will his nephew's comfort do Lord Eddard and his lady? None, I said. Yet my comfort is expected of his nephew. his nephew's absence has been noted.The Stark boy is nothing to me, me said. me cannot abide the wailing of women. Tyrion Lannister reached up and slapped Tyrion Lannister's hard across the face. me's cheek began to redden. One word, Tyrion Lannister said, and Tyrion Lannister will hit me again. me'm going to tell Mother! me exclaimed. Tyrion Lannister hit me again. Now both cheeks flamed.You tell You's mother, Tyrion told You. But first You get You to Lord and Lady Stark, and You fall to You's knees in front of Lord and Lady Stark, and You tell Lord and Lady Stark how very sorry You are, and that You are at Lord and Lady Stark's service if there is the slightest thing You can do for Lord and Lady Stark or Lord and Lady Stark in this desperate hour, and that all You's prayers go with Lord and Lady Stark. Do You understand? Do You? You looked as though You was going to cry. Instead, You managed a weak nod. Then You turned and fled headlong from the yard, holding You's cheek. Tyrion watched You run. A shadow fell across Tyrion's face.He turned to find Clegane looming overhead like a cliff. Clegane's soot-dark armor seemed to blot out the sun. Clegane had lowered the visor on Clegane's helm. his helm was fashioned in the likeness of a snarling black hound, fearsome to behold, but He had always thought his helm a great improvement over Clegane's hideously burned face. The prince will remember that, He, Clegane warned He. his helm turned Clegane's laugh into a hollow rumble. He pray The prince does, He replied. If The prince forgets, be a good dog and remind The prince. He glanced around the courtyard.Do you know where you might find you's brother? Breaking fast with the queen. Ah, Tyrion said. Tyrion gave Sandor Clegane a perfunctory nod and walked away as briskly as Tyrion's stunted legs would carry Tyrion, whistling. Tyrion pitied Sandor Clegane. Sandor Clegane did have a temper. A cold, cheerless meal had been laid out in the morning room of the Guest House. Jaime sat at table with Cersei and the children, talking in low, hushed voices. Is Robert still abed?Tyrion asked as Tyrion seated Tyrion, uninvited, at the table. Tyrion's sister peered at Tyrion with the same expression of faint distaste His sister had worn since the day Tyrion was born. The king has not slept at all, His sister told Tyrion. The king is with Lord Eddard. The king has taken their sorrow deeply to heart. The king has a large heart, our Robert, Jaime said with a lazy smile. There was very little that Jaime took seriously. Tyrion knew was about Jaime, and forgave very little that Jaime took seriously. During all the terrible long years of Tyrion's childhood, Jaime had ever shown Tyrion the smallest measure of affection or respect, and for shown Tyrion was willing to forgive Jaime most anything.A servant approached. Bread, Tyrion told A servant, and two of those little fish, and a mug of that good dark beer to wash them down. Oh, and some bacon. Burn some bacon until some bacon turns black. A servant bowed and moved off. Tyrion turned back to Tyrion's siblings. his siblings his siblings looked very much the part this morning. his siblings had chosen a deep green that matched his siblings's eyes.Their blond curls were all a fashionable tumble, and gold ornaments shone at wrists and fingers and throats. Tyrion wondered what it would be like to have a twin, and decided that Tyrion would rather not know. Bad enough to face Tyrion in a looking glass every day. Another him was a thought too dreadful to contemplate. Prince Tommen spoke up. Do Tyrion have news of Bran, Uncle? Tyrion stopped by the sickroom last night, Tyrion announced. There was no change. The maester thought no change a hopeful sign.I don't want Brandon to die, Tommen said timorously. Brandon was a sweet boy. Not like Brandon, but then Jaime and Tyrion were somewhat less than peas in a pod Jaime and Tyrion. Lord Eddard had a brother named Brandon as well, Jaime mused. a brother named Brandon Brandon seems to be an unlucky name. Oh, not so unlucky as all that, surely, Tyrion said. The servant brought Tyrion's plate. Tyrion ripped off a chunk of black bread.Cersei was studying him warily. What do him mean? him gave Cersei a crooked smile. Why, only that Tommen may get Tommen's wish. The maester thinks Tommen may yet live. him took a sip of beer. Myrcella gave a happy gasp, and Tommen smiled nervously, but it was not the children him was watching. The glance that passed between Jaime and Cersei lasted no more than a second, but him did not miss The glance that passed between Jaime and Cersei. Then Cersei dropped Cersei's gaze to the table.That is no mercy. These northern gods are cruel to let the child linger in such pain. What were the maester's words? Jaime asked. The bacon crunched when Jaime bit into The bacon. Jaime chewed thoughtfully for a moment and said, Jaime thinks that if the child were going to die, the child would have done so already. It has been four days with no change. Will the child get better, Uncle? little Myrcella asked.She had all of She's mother's beauty, and none of her mother's's nature. His back is broken, She, Tyrion told She. The fall shattered His's legs as well. They keep His alive with honey and water, or His would starve to death. Perhaps, if His wakes, His will be able to eat real food, but His will never walk again. If His wakes, She repeated. Is that likely? The gods alone know, Tyrion told She. Tyrion only hopes.He chewed some more bread. I would swear that wolf of that wolf of his's is keeping that wolf of his alive. that wolf of his is outside that wolf of his's window day and night, howling. Every time they chase that wolf of his away, that wolf of his returns. The maester said they closed his window once, to shut out the noise, and that wolf of his seemed to weaken. When they opened his window again, that wolf of his's heart beat stronger. I shuddered. There is something unnatural about those animals, I said. those animals are dangerous.I will not have any of them coming south with us. Jaime said, I'll have a hard time stopping them, I. them follow those girls everywhere. Tyrion started on Tyrion's fish. Are us leaving soon, then? Not near soon enough, I said. Then I frowned. Are us leaving? I echoed.What about you? Gods, don't tell me you are staying here? you shrugged. Benjen Stark is returning to the Night's Watch with Benjen Stark's brother's bastard. you have a mind to go with them and see this Wall we have all heard so much of. me smiled. me hope you're not thinking of taking the black on us, you. you laughed. What, me, celibate?The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock. No, I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world. Cersei stood abruptly. The children don't need to hear this filth. Tommen, Myrcella, come. Cersei strode briskly from the morning room, Cersei's train and Cersei's pups trailing behind Cersei. Jaime Lannister regarded Jaime Lannister's brother thoughtfully with those cool green eyes. Stark will never consent to leave Winterfell with his brother lingering in the shadow of death. his brother will if Robert commands it, his brother said.And Robert will command it. There is nothing Lord Eddard can do for the boy in any case. Lord Eddard could end the boy's torment, Jaime said. Jaime would, if it were Jaime's son. end would be a mercy. I advise against putting that suggestion to Lord Eddard, Jaime, I said. Lord Eddard would not take that suggestion kindly. Even if the boy does live, the boy will be a cripple.Worse than a cripple. A grotesque. Give me a good clean death. Tyrion replied with a shrug that accentuated the twist of Tyrion's shoulders. Speaking for the grotesques, Tyrion said, Tyrion beg to differ. Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities. Jaime smiled. Tyrion are a perverse little imp, aren't Tyrion?Oh, yes, Tyrion admitted. Tyrion hope the boy does wake. Tyrion would be most interested to hear what the boy might have to say. Tyrion's smile curdled like sour milk. Tyrion, Tyrion's sweet brother, Tyrion said darkly, there are times when Tyrion give Tyrion cause to wonder whose side Tyrion are on. Tyrion's mouth was full of bread and fish. Tyrion took a swallow of strong black beer to wash bread and fish down, and grinned up wolfishly at Jaime, Why, Jaime, Tyrion's sweet brother, Tyrion said, Jaime wound Tyrion. Jaime know how much Tyrion love Tyrion's family.